Table of Contents
Character Gallery
Table of Contents Page
Title Page
Copyrights and Credits
Chapter 1: Sudou Ken’s Soliloquy
Chapter 2: The School Sports Festival Begins
Chapter 3: Class D’s Objective
Chapter 4: Everyone’s Calculations
Chapter 5: There’s a Reason for Their Relationship
Chapter 6: The Curtains Rise
Chapter 7: For Whose Sake?
Chapter 8: What You and I Lack
Chapter 9: The Turning Point
Postscript
About the Author and Illustrator
Newsletter
Stay up to date On Light Novels by Downloading our mobile App
Zerobooks Android
Zerobooks IOS
Download all your Favorite Light Novels
Jnovels.com
Chapter 1:
Sudou Ken’s Soliloquy
 
To be completely honest, I ain’t really a capable person. I know that
much. After my mom abandoned us to go into the nightclub business, I
decided to get stronger. I remember that my old man’s back was always
hunched. It made me sick to my stomach that he spent each day toiling away
as a janitor. Being the idiot I am, I decided to give up on studyin’ and go into
sports.
At first, I liked sports you could play by yourself, like tennis and ping-
pong, but I didn’t really stick with those. I was good, but I knew I’d never
become a top-tier athlete. Then I tried basketball.
I wasn’t a team player or nothin’, but somehow, I got seriously into
playing basketball. And I just kept getting better. I was even recommended to
a high school with one of the best basketball teams in the entire country. But
I ended up getting in some trouble, and my recommendation got pulled. That
was when I really understood the painful truth: I was trash, born from trash.
That was why I chose this school. A dream school that didn’t cost any
money and could guarantee even my future.
Page 1
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 2
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Chapter 2:
The School Sports Festival Begins
 
“The students’ surnames were the key to figuring out the VIPs’
identities. They were assigned in the order of the animals of the zodiac.”
We sat at a table all the way in the back of the crowded café, Pallet.
Summer vacation had just ended, and I was seated with a bizarre crew that
included Hirata, Karuizawa, and Horikita. We were trying to review the
special exam that’d been held on the cruise ship during our vacation,
comparing notes on the test that divided us up into groups based on the
twelve zodiac signs.
“The rabbit is fourth in the zodiac. If you put the names of the students
in the rabbit group in alphabetical order, it would be Ayanokouji-kun,
Ichinose-san, Ibuki-san, and then Karuizawa-san,” said Horikita.
“I see. In that case, yeah, I’d be fourth. That’s why I was chosen as
VIP,” said Karuizawa.
She seemed impressed. At first glance, you’d have thought that the two
girls sitting with me were completely incompatible, but Hirata’s presence
made the discomfort between them mysteriously disappear.
“But isn’t that really, really simple? I mean, practically anyone could
figure it out. Like, the fifth person in the dragon group was Kushida-san, so
she was the VIP, right?” asked Karuizawa. She put a straw in her milk carton
and sipped.
“It was that simple. However, figuring that out in the middle of an
exam wasn’t so easy. With only three VIPs in your own class, you wouldn’t
have had enough solid data to determine the system behind the selection,”
explained Horikita.
If we’d known the names of the three VIPs in another class, we might
have seen the pattern. However, even if we’d had a theory about how the
VIPs were chosen, it would have been risky. If we were off, we could have
taken considerable damage.
Of course, on the other hand, if we’d bet the farm and won, we
might’ve turned everything around in a single stroke.
“I’m worried about Class C, though. I think Ryuuen-kun figured it all
out in the middle of the test,” said Hirata. He was probably right.
“If that’s true, then why did he mess up?” asked Karuizawa.
Page 3
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“I wondered about that, too. If he understood the rules, he should have
discovered all the VIPs,” said Hirata.
Horikita offered a different perspective on the matter. “Though it
appears that Ryuuen-kun rules Class C alone, perhaps that isn’t actually true.
More than a handful of people are probably deeply dissatisfied with his
dictatorship.”
“Yes. A rebellious student must’ve tossed out the wrong answer in
direct defiance of Ryuuen-kun.”
Horikita and Hirata were onto something, but we still couldn’t be sure.
If there was a traitor, Ryuuen would’ve searched for them relentlessly. Even
if that person had deleted the email, Ryuuen would probably have gone so far
as to check people’s private points.
“What do you think, Ayanokouji-kun?” asked Horikita.
Hirata and Karuizawa looked to me at the same time. I broke out
coughing, discomfited by the force of their combined attention.
“Dunno. I honestly don’t have a clue,” I lied. Horikita and Hirata
looked away, losing interest all at once. Only Karuizawa still stared at me. I
met her gaze, and she diverted her eyes.
“In any case, our first priority is to cement this relationship. I’m glad
we’re discussing this, Horikita-san and Ayanokouji-kun,” said Hirata.
Horikita had never cooperated with Hirata before. However, her
attitude had finally begun to change after the two special exams. Being driven
into a corner made her start to realize the truth: that she couldn’t do
this alone.
“Well, we don’t really have a choice. The zodiac exam was a special
case. If we assume that future exams may have similar elements, though, then
a certain degree of cooperation will be necessary,” replied Horikita. “That
said, you evaded Ryuuen-kun’s clutches quite well.”
The last part was aimed at Karuizawa, who’d been my group’s VIP,
and managed to get through the exam without being discovered. Class D had
been well rewarded for that victory.
“Well, I guess. I do have a surprisingly good poker face. Right,
Yousuke-kun?” asked Karuizawa. She hugged Hirata’s arm and looked at
him with upturned eyes. You’d never have thought that their relationship had
been strained, though whether that was genuine or an act didn’t interest me.
Wait a minute—Yousuke? When had Karuizawa suddenly started
calling Hirata by his first name? I kind of wanted to call him by his first
Page 4
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
name, too, but it was impossible. Hirata and Karuizawa had forged a new
relationship out of their complicated situation, which most likely made them
closer friends. Hirata returned Karuizawa’s smile, then turned to Horikita.
“I actually have a proposal. Want to hear it?” Hirata asked.
Horikita gave no response—her way of telling him to speak.
“First, to bring our class together, I’d like to rope in Kushida-san as an
ally. I think she’ll complement our group well and add qualities that the four
of us lack. She could potentially unite a lot of the boys, starting with Ike-kun
and Yamauchi-kun.”
“Unnecessary,” replied Horikita. “I won’t deny the fact that she has
certain skills, but we can do anything she can on our own. That’s why I
selected you and Karuizawa-san. With your combined talents, we can solve
any problem that faces us…unless you plan to be uncooperative, like a
certain someone.”
She side-eyed me. How rude.
“It’s certainly true that Ayanokouji might not follow our lead,” added
Karuizawa. She and Horikita nodded, though Hirata did not.
“Look, you’re mistaken if you think I’m the uncooperative one. I’m the
guy most likely to quietly go along with a group. I’m exactly the sort of
person you can control. I have no presence,” I said.
“Those who claim that they have no presence usually cast long
shadows,” replied Horikita.
“Okay. So, are you someone with no presence?” I asked.
“Me? There’s no way I could have no presence. How dare you? Do
you take me for a fool?” she demanded.
“Uh…sorry.”
The whole conversation was devolving into some half-baked comedy
sketch, although Horikita didn’t appear to be joking around. You could never
quite tell when she was playing, but I thought she was definitely serious.
Page 5
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
2.1
 
Our afternoon class became a two-hour homeroom period. When
Class D’s teacher, Chabashira-sensei, arrived, she began to instruct us in a
detached, matter-of-fact manner.
“Starting today, classes begin again. However, from September to the
beginning of October, we will be holding more physical education classes to
prepare for the school sports festival. We’ll distribute new weekly schedules,
so please review them carefully. In addition to the new schedules, we’ll also
distribute materials related to the festival. Students seated at the front, please
pass handouts to those behind you, and so on.”
The moment Chabashira-sensei uttered the words “sports festival,” the
class erupted in an uproar. Some students were undoubtedly excited by the
prospect, but just as many loathed the idea of anything focused on physical
exertion.
“The details on the printed handouts can be found on the school
homepage as well. Please refer to them if necessary.”
“Sensei, is this festival another of the special exams?” Hirata asked,
raising his hand.
We expected Chabashira-sensei to say, “Naturally,” but her response
was vague.
“You’re free to interpret this however you wish. In any case, this event
will massively impact each and every class.”
The students who loathed exercise continued grumbling. At an
ordinary school, you could find a way to sit out or skip a sports festival. If
this festival affected the entire class’s fate, however, then even the least
athletic of us had to participate.
On the other hand, some students were really fired up about this.
Particularly those who, like Sudou, were confident in their athletic abilities.
This was probably the first exam that would let them contribute to the class
meaningfully.
“Ayanokouji-kun, here!” While everyone else agonized over what was
happening, Horikita—who’d been reading through the handout—pointed
something out to me.
I flipped the page over and checked what Horikita was referring to. It
was, rather unexpectedly, a description of the sports festival’s testing method.
Page 6
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
For an instant, I felt as though Chabashira-sensei was looking at me.
“Some people have noticed this already, but for this year’s festival,
we’re going to divide all the students across all grade levels into two groups
and have them compete against each other. You in Class D are assigned to
the Red Team. Class A is also assigned to the Red Team, so they will
compete alongside you,” explained Chabashira-sensei.
Classes B and C were assigned to the White Team. It would be Red
versus White.
“Whoa! Seriously?! We’re really doing that?” shouted Ike. He’d
probably assumed that this exam would pit all four classes against one
another, same as always. This sports festival required a different strategy than
we’d had during the special exam on the cruise ship. It demanded cooperation
between students from different years.
Horikita appeared calm on the outside, but I was sure she was
panicking internally. Her older brother, Horikita Manabu, was a third-year
student from Class A. Depending on the circumstances, we might have to
work with him.
“At least you have an opportunity to get in touch now, huh?” I asked
her.
“Don’t talk about that here,” Horikita muttered.
She glared at me. Her pencil tip shook like a cornered rattlesnake’s tail,
and I wanted her to stop.
“First, let’s review the sports festival’s potential outcomes. I don’t
want to have to explain them to you repeatedly, so please listen carefully,”
said Chabashira-sensei.
She went over the text on the printout, tapping the paper forcefully to
indicate where to look. Still listening, I lowered my eyes to the handout.
 
Sports Festival Rules and Team Division
The sports festival divides all students, across all grade levels, into two
teams: Red and White. The breakdown goes as follows: Classes A and D are
on the Red Team, Classes B and C are on the White Team.
Point Allocation for All Competitors (Individual Competitions)
Points will be allocated as follows: first place will be awarded fifteen points,
second place will be awarded twelve points, third place will be awarded ten
points, and fourth place will be awarded eight points.
One point will be deducted for coming in fifth place, and one additional point
Page 7
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
will be subtracted for each place below that. (During a team competition, the
winning team will be awarded 500 points.)
 
Point Allocation for Recommended Competitors
Points will be allocated as follows: first place will be awarded fifty points,
second place will be awarded thirty points, third place will be awarded fifteen
points, and fourth place will be awarded ten points.
Two points will be deducted for coming in fifth place, and two additional
points will be subtracted for each place below that. (The final competition,
the relay race, will offer three times the point values.)
Red Team vs. White Team Outcome
After reviewing the combined overall scores for each class, 100 class points
will be deducted from the first-, second-, and third-year batches of the two
classes on the losing team.
The Effect of Ranking by Grade Level
Fifty class points will be awarded to the class that scores highest in each of
the three grade levels. Classes that achieve second place in their grade level
will not see any changes to their class point totals. Classes that achieve third
place in their grade level will have fifty class points deducted, and classes
that achieve fourth place will have 100 class points deducted.
 
“Um, sensei, how many points does the winning team get? That
doesn’t appear to be written anywhere,” said Hirata.
Chabashira-sensei’s response to that naïve question was cruel and
brief. “None. Their reward will be not having any points deducted.”
Cries of agony sprang up all over the classroom. It was complete
pandemonium. Of course, that was hardly surprising. Up until then, whenever
there was an enormous risk, there had been an enormous reward to spur us
on. However, that hardly seemed the case in this sports festival.
“Please keep in mind that points are awarded and subtracted, not just
by team, but on a class-by-class basis. So, even if the Red Team wins, you’ll
still be hit by the 100-point penalty if Class D holds the lowest combined
overall score,” added Chabashira-sensei.
So, we didn’t just need to worry about our team winning. Supposing
we scored highest among the first-year classes, and received fifty points? If
we lost to the White Team, we’d still get a 100-point penalty. If we ended up
taking fourth place among the first-year classes on top of being on the losing
Page 8
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
team, we’d be penalized 200 points in total.
 
Individual Competition Rewards (may be applied to the next midterm
exam)
Students who achieve first place in an individual competition will be awarded
either 5000 private points, or the score equivalent of three points on a written
test. (In the event that a student accepts the test points, they will not be
allowed to give those test points to another student.)
Students who achieve second place in an individual competition will be
awarded either 3000 private points, or the score equivalent of two points on a
written test. (In the event that a student accepts the test points, they will not
be allowed to give those test points to another student.)
Students who achieve third place in an individual competition will be
awarded either 1000 private points, or the score equivalent of one point on a
written test. (In the event that a student accepts the test points, they will not
be allowed to give those test points to another student.)
Students who score lowest in an individual competition will have 1000
private points deducted from their total. (In the event that a student has less
than 1000 points, they will instead receive a one-point penalty on a written
exam.)
Regarding Rule Violations/Foul Play
Read and comply with every competition’s rules. Those who violate the rules
will be disqualified. Anyone engaging in foul play may be forced to withdraw
from the festival. In such cases, the school may render all previously awarded
points invalid.
MVP Reward
The student who receives the highest total score across all competitions will
be awarded 100,000 private points.
MVP Rewards for Each Individual Grade Level
The three students from each grade level who receive their grade’s highest
total score across all competitions will be awarded 10,000 private points.
 
At first glance, this sports festival appeared worse than previous tests
we’d taken, but there was a wide range of potential benefits. We needed to
pay close attention to the risks and rewards of the individual competitions.
Information that hadn’t been previously disclosed could trip us up.
“S-sensei, sensei! What are the perks you get for first or second place
Page 9
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
or whatever? What does it mean that we can receive points for written tests?”
shouted Ike.
Perhaps because the situation was strange to start with, Chabashira-
sensei let out a slight laugh—an unusual sight.
“It’s exactly what you think it is, Ike. In the sports festival, you can
earn test points as a prize, which you can then apply to a written exam. You
struggle with English and mathematics, right? Extra points would prove
incredibly useful for you in the next test.”
The most athletic students among us looked especially excited about
that. If they went all out in the sports festival, they could supplement their
scores in the event of a failing grade. That wouldn’t do an excellent student
like Hirata much good, but even in that case, private points were incentive
enough. The three idiots aside, more than a few students were anxious about
their academic abilities. Expulsion was always a possibility.
However, as we soon found out, there was no such thing as a free
lunch.
After all competitions end, the school will calculate each student’s
point total and assign penalties to the ten lowest-scoring students in each
year. The exact nature of the penalties will vary depending on grade level, so
please consult the homeroom instructor in charge.
That was a major red flag.
“Sensei, what kind of penalty would we get?”
“For you first-year students, the penalty would be a point deduction on
your next written exam. The ten students with the lowest overall scores will
each receive a deduction of ten points,” Chabashira-sensei explained.
“Whaaa…?! Seriously?!”
Now that we’d heard the rules, it was time to look at the different kinds
of events in this sports festival. They were divided into two categories, “all
participants” and “recommended participants.” “All participants” was exactly
what it sounded like: an event that literally all the students in a class
participated in. Individual events like the 100-meter dash fell into that
category, as did group events like the tug-of-war.
Meanwhile, only certain select students would participate in
“recommended participant” events. The word “recommended” implied that a
person was nominated, but a student could put themselves forward if the rest
of their class agreed. A single person could also participate in a competition
meant for multiple people. Events in the “recommended participants”
Page 10
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
category included the scavenger hunt, the mixed-gender three-legged race,
and the 1200-meter relay race.
Point gains and losses were determined purely by the event results, but
the combination of team competitions and individual competitions made the
festival tricky. We had to be wary of our enemies, Classes B and C, but also
mindful of our allies, Class A. Class D and Class A would be helping each
other, but to get first place in the combined scores across every grade level,
our own class needed to take the top spots in multiple competitions.
“Details of the events are noted in your handouts. There will be no
changes whatsoever,” said Chabashira-sensei.
“Ugh, this is crazy hard, though! This is on a completely different level
than junior high!”
 
Events for All Participants
100-Meter Dash
Hurdle Race
Capture the Flag (boys only)
Ball Toss (girls only)
Tug-of-War (separate events for boys and girls)
Obstacle Course Race
Three-Legged Race
Cavalry Battle
200-Meter Dash
Events for Recommended Participants
Scavenger Hunt
Four-Way Tug-of-War
Three-Legged Race (mixed boys and girls)
1200-Meter Relay Race (mixed grade level, all three years)
 
Thirteen competitions in total—a grand lineup. The numbers indicated
the order the competitions would be held in. There was some dissatisfaction
over the large number of events for all participants.
“There would normally be, like, three or four events for a single
person! Besides, is it even possible to do all these in one day?”
“I appreciate your concern, but the school already considered that,”
answered Chabashira-sensei. “No events require specific skills, such as
cheerleading, dancing, or coordinated group gymnastics. The sports festival
Page 11
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
will be a thorough test of your general physical ability and stamina.”
The unathletic students’ resistance was in vain. Chabashira-sensei had
anticipated their every complaint.
“Another important thing to note is the participation table. Fill it out
with the order you’ll participate in, and I will submit it to the school on your
behalf. I don’t imagine any junior high has adopted a system like this, so do
be extra careful not to make any mistakes.”
“Wait. So, we can decide the order in which we’ll participate? Exactly
how much freedom do we have?” asked Hirata.
It was an obvious question, and Chabashira-sensei answered quickly.
“Your class must come to a consensus on everything to do with the sports
festival, such as which students will participate in which events. No changes
will be allowed once the deadline passes, no matter the reason. The
submission window opens one week prior to the festival and ends at 5:00 pm
on the day before it begins. If by some chance you miss the submission
window, you will be assigned randomly. So, be careful.”
“Excuse me, but I have a question. Is that all right, Chabashira-sensei?”
Horikita, who’d sat quiet until then, politely raised her hand.
“Feel free,” replied Chabashira-sensei. She smiled thinly at the girl.
Both Hirata and Horikita understood how this school worked. The
more questions they asked now, the better they’d understand later. Better safe
than sorry.
“I realize that no further changes will be accepted once the submission
window closes. However, in the event of someone’s absence, what do we do?
In the case of an individual competition, I assume that would be treated as an
absence, but for group competitions? Especially in games like the cavalry
battle and the three-legged race, we might not be able to compete at all if one
important person is missing.”
“Should you fall short of the minimum required number of people for
competitions for all participants, you will be deemed unable to continue and
disqualified,” replied Chabashira-sensei. “For recommended-participant
events, however, you are permitted to arrange a substitute—for a price. To
establish a substitute, you must offer points as compensation.”
We’d have to pay to prove we weren’t cheating, huh?
“While we’re on the subject…if an athlete’s health suffers, or they’re
severely injured, will it be possible for that person to continue participating if
they wish? Or will they have to stop and see a doctor?” asked Horikita.
Page 12
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“We leave that to the students to decide for themselves. Knowing your
own limits will be an indispensable skill in the working world. For instance,
you can’t simply take a day off just because you have a fever on the date of
an extremely important conference,” replied Chabashira-sensei.
So, personal responsibility might trump personal health if the stakes
were high enough.
“However, if someone’s health gets truly poor, then they’ll have to
drop out,” Chabashira-sensei added.
“I understand. Well, how many points are needed to assign a
substitute?” asked Horikita.
“A substitute requires 100,000 private points per competition. That’s
expensive or cheap, depending on your resources,” replied Chabashira-sensei.
“I see. Thank you very much.”
We could afford that, but it wasn’t exactly cheap. Depending on the
circumstances, though, a substitute could be necessary in the future.
“If there are no more questions, we’ll wrap up,” said Chabashira-
sensei.
She looked around the classroom. Students glanced at one another
doubtfully and whispered, but made no effort to speak up. This was likely our
last chance.
“Next period’s location will move to Gymnasium 1, where you’ll meet
with students from other classes and grade levels. That is all,” Chabashira-
sensei said flatly. She checked the time. “You have twenty minutes of
homeroom remaining. You’re free to use that time however you wish.”
With the teacher’s permission, the silent classroom exploded into
chaos. Groups formed, all chattering about the sports festival on their own.
Sudou, Ike, and Yamauchi gathered around Horikita.
“Let’s figure this out, Horikita,” said Sudou earnestly.
“Yeah, yeah, let’s think of a way to win!” Ike added.
Horikita sighed deeply, looking at the boys as if they were someone
else’s problem. “Why do only guys like these come to me?”
“It’s a sad fact of reality,” I told her.
Though Horikita muttered a comeback, she seemed to take the matter
seriously. She flipped open her notebook. “Fine. I’ll hear you out for now,”
she stated.
“Yes! Yes!” Ike immediately raised his hand. Horikita pointed her pen
at him, urging him to speak.
Page 13
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“I’d like to have fun and win!” he shouted.
“That’s not a valid opinion.” Horikita smacked him down at once.
“Class D can win this,” Sudou said confidently.
“I’m not really expecting you to dazzle with your logic, but I’ll listen
to what you have to say.”
“I’m not sure about the ‘all participant’ stuff, but you know I’ll enter
the recommended-participant competitions. If I do that, we’ll win,” he
answered.
“There is some merit to that suggestion. Within our class, you stand out
as someone with superior athletic skill. It certainly wouldn’t be a bad idea for
you to participate in all the recommended-participant competitions,” Horikita
said.
I agreed, but Ike and Yamauchi seemed dissatisfied.
“We want to have a chance, too! Come on. If we place in the top three,
we can get some points.”
“So, you’d advance your personal agendas, even if that lessened Class
D’s likelihood of winning?”
“Well, that’s a good point, but…it’s just, like, we want a chance to win
something!”
“When it comes to the recommended-participant competitions, you
want people who are good at sports. You’re not, Kanji,” said Sudou.
“Hey, you don’t know that for sure!” Ike shouted. “I mean, miracles
happen all the time, right? ‘Sides, this should be fair!”
“I suppose bringing the entire class into this discussion will complicate
matters even further,” said Horikita.
She might be able to argue Ike down, but other students probably
wanted what he did. The potential rewards of winning were very attractive to
poorly performing students. Those who were constantly at risk of expulsion
probably wanted this chance so badly they could taste it.
“Sudou, I sympathize with your desire to participate in all the events,”
Horikita said. “However, that doesn’t mean I can support throwing caution to
the wind by entering you in every competition.”
“Whaddya mean?” Sudou balked.
“Stamina isn’t an unlimited resource. If you participate in one event
after another, you will naturally become exhausted.”
“But it’s better to leave it to me than put forward someone unathletic,
right? Even if I get tired out, I can still move better than those guys,” Sudou
Page 14
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
huffed.
He glanced over at the guys—me included—and gave a snort. Ike and
Yamauchi appeared frustrated, but said nothing.
“We’re not coming to any decisions right now. Let’s talk more in our
next homeroom period,” said Horikita, quickly bringing our discussion to an
end.
Page 15
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
2.2
 
A crowd of over four hundred people, including instructors and
students, gathered together in the gymnasium during our second homeroom
period. Horikita scanned her surroundings restlessly. She was probably
looking for her older brother, Horikita Manabu, who served as the student
council president. However, with this many people around, she wouldn’t be
able to spot him easily.
If she loved her older brother that much, perhaps she should have taken
the initiative to seek him out. But being vulnerable was harder than anything
else for Horikita. Now that I thought about it, she’d never gone to meet with
her brother before. He’d always been the one to initiate contact.
When we sat down on the floor, several students came forward.
Everyone focused their attention on them.
“I’m Fujimaki, from the third-year Class A. It’s been decided that I
will assume command of Red Team.”
Apparently, Horikita’s older brother wasn’t going to take charge. I
would’ve thought that he’d take the lead, being student council president.
This just made me wonder when he would make a move.
“I’d like to give the first-year students one piece of advice. The sports
festival is extremely important. Your experiences here will most certainly be
applicable to real life. In fact, many of your future exams may look like
games at first glance. However, each and every one of them is a crucial battle
in which you stake your survival at this school,” said Fujimaki.
His words were somewhat vague, yet still helpful.
“You may not feel motivated right now, but we’re going to try and win
this thing. I want you to hold on to that feeling,” Fujimaki continued. He
looked around the assembled Red Team members once again before
speaking. “The only competition which all classes from all grade levels will
participate in together is the final event—the 1200-meter relay race. Aside
from that, all the other events are divided up by grade level. So, please, feel
free to gather and discuss your strategies, starting now.”
In response to Fujimaki’s words, the first-year students from Class A,
led by Katsuragi, began to assemble in droves. The first-year Class D
students, on the other hand, appeared to flounder. They felt nervous in the
company of such elites. In the first semester, Class A’s grades had been
Page 16
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
overwhelmingly better than Class D’s. None of us had even come close.
“Well, the circumstances may be rather bizarre, but I’m looking
forward to working with you. I hope we can join forces without any
problems,” said Katsuragi.
“I feel the same way, Katsuragi-kun. I look forward to working with
you,” replied Hirata.
From Class A’s perspective, there was no benefit in teaming up with
the lowest-ranked class of all. However, if our classes didn’t work together,
we’d drag each other down. We weren’t agreeing to trust one another like
siblings, but we were making a pact not to get in each other’s way.
“Hey, check out that girl,” whispered Ike, standing beside me.
I understood why he was whispering. I felt the same way. He was
pointing at a Class A student, a girl, whom I’d never seen before. She stuck
out like a sore thumb, but no one said anything. It didn’t feel like we could
say anything right now.
“Every individual class has its own strategies, but—” Katsuragi just
continued talking, blithely ignoring Class D’s concerned looks and furtive
whispers.
“So, you don’t intend to hold a discussion?”
A girl’s rising voice echoed through the gymnasium, interrupting
Katsuragi. Everyone’s attention switched to what was happening. The
speaker was a first-year Class B student named Ichinose Honami. In front of
her, almost an entire class was in the process of leaving the gymnasium.
Among those students, Ryuuen Kakeru, Class C’s leader, turned around with
his hands in his pockets.
“You understand that I’m leaving out of goodwill, right? Even if I
offered to cooperate with you, I can’t imagine that you’d believe me. In the
end, you’d just probe me for information to see whether I can be trusted,
right? It’s a waste of time,” he said.
“I see. So, you’re just saving us the hassle, then,” replied Ichinose.
“Yep, that’s it. You should be grateful.”
“Hey, Ryuuen-kun. You really think you can win without
cooperating?” asked Ichinose.
“Heh. Hmm, I wonder.”
Ryuuen sneered and walked out of the gym, leading the Class C
students away. The spectacle merely confirmed Class C’s status as a
dictatorship.
Page 17
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
As Class D watched, Karuizawa’s expression soured for just an instant.
During the special exam on the cruise ship, she’d gotten in a scrap with
Manabe and some other girls from Class C, which led me to discover her
history as a victim of bullying. For just a moment, Manabe looked back at
Karuizawa. Then she immediately averted her eyes, as if nothing had
happened, and followed Ryuuen out.
“Class B seems to have it really rough, getting paired with Class C and
all.” The spectacle we’d witnessed was a reminder that Ryuuen really did
hold all the power in his class.
Katsuragi offered Horikita some advice. “Since we’ll be allies from
here on out, I should warn you. Don’t underestimate Ryuuen. He’ll laugh
while he attacks you in the same instant. Don’t let your guard down.”
“I appreciate the warning, but I wonder if you’re speaking from
personal experience,” replied Horikita.
“I’ve warned you.” Katsuragi left it at that and returned to the topic of
the festival.
“I wonder if he’s going to make a move right away,” someone
whispered, looking in the direction Class C had gone. It was the girl I’d been
curious about a little earlier. She was petite, and sat all by herself, her eyes
downcast. She held a thin cane. It was clear that she had trouble walking.
“That’s Sakayanagi Arisu. She’s disabled. Please be sensitive about
that,” said Katsuragi.
Page 18
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 19
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
So, this girl was Class A’s other rumored leader, who had supposedly
split the students into two distinct factions between herself and Katsuragi.
Although everyone around her was staring, the girl paid no attention to them.
She had short, silver hair, a particularly eye-catching feature. I wasn’t sure
whether or not she dyed it. Her skin was pale, and her name—Arisu—
reminded me of a certain mysterious girl who fell down a rabbit hole to
Wonderland.
“Dude, she’s super cute!”
I supposed it was no surprise that the Class D boys would be smitten
by Sakayanagi. She was as cute as Kushida and Sakura, and had a dreamlike
quality that made people instinctively want to protect her. Yet none of the
boys made a move to hit on her or crack jokes like they normally would have.
Though she appeared weak, you could sense her great strength of will.
Sakayanagi smiled at us, aware of the stir she’d created.
“Unfortunately, I won’t be very useful in this competition. I’m afraid I’ll be
consistently absent,” she said. “Please accept my humblest apologies.”
“You have nothing to apologize for. No one’s going to give you a hard
time over that,” said Hirata.
“The school sure is harsh. They should’ve come up with some
accommodation for you.”
“Yeah, that’s right. You don’t need to worry!”
“Your kindness overwhelms me,” she replied.
Contrary to what we’d expected, Sakayanagi seemed extremely polite,
mature, and gentle. She gave no hint of aggression. However, Katsuragi
watched her quietly. I could see from the way the Class A students arranged
themselves that there was a clear line between Katsuragi’s and Sakayanagi’s
followers. The class definitely had two factions. I’d considered Katsuragi’s
faction superior at first, but I wasn’t so sure anymore. There were some boys
and girls with Katsuragi, including Yahiko, but nearly all the students sat
with Sakayanagi. Perhaps she was deliberately demonstrating her own power.
Sakayanagi had not participated in the island or cruise ship tests.
Though the school hadn’t made a statement about it, it was certainly possible
that she’d incurred a penalty for not participating on the ship, yet she’d
managed to gain this many allies. She had most likely earned her classmates’
trust by steadily racking up various other accomplishments. Meanwhile,
Katsuragi’s own failures had probably affected his popularity.
After apologizing for her shortcomings, Sakayanagi showed no sign of
Page 20
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
wanting to speak further. Instead, she quietly observed Katsuragi, Hirata, and
the others. Maybe I was overthinking it. Maybe she stayed quiet because she
knew she wouldn’t be of any use in the sports festival.
Katsuragi, ignoring Sakayanagi, continued to talk with Hirata. “I was
thinking that it’d be best if we just keep out of each other’s way. You don’t
mind, do you?”
“So, you won’t share any details about the competitions you’re
participating in?” Hirata asked.
“Right. Letting that information slip might lead to unnecessary conflict
down the road. Besides, constantly comparing ourselves to each other will
only increase the divide between us,” said Katsuragi.
“Yes, I suppose you’re right. It’s pretty hard to trust other people in
this school, Katsuragi-kun. Also, even though we’re allies in a way, I suppose
there’s no changing the fact that we’re still competing with one another,”
replied Hirata.
He looked to the rest of our classmates for the final decision. No one
voiced objections. Even Horikita didn’t say anything, so she must’ve been
convinced, too.
“At any rate, we’ll need to meet sometime soon to discuss the group
competitions. Is that all right with you?” Hirata asked.
“Yes, that should be fine. I’ll consult with everyone else.”
“Thanks. I’m counting on you.”
They certainly didn’t waste time. It seemed as though everything was
going smoothly.
“What do you think the trick is here, Ayanokouji-kun? What are they
playing at?” Horikita, on the other hand, seemed to have some ideas of her
own.
“It’s a sports festival. The school’s probably trying to find out which
students are athletic and which aren’t.”
“You’re fundamentally correct, of course. But what’s another factor,
other than athleticism, that might influence the results?” asked Horikita.
“Mere luck?”
“Luck, huh?” That suggestion was out of character for her.
“Unlike our other written and special tests, opponents on this test will
be chosen at random. We don’t know who’ll take on whom. Luck is a huge
factor.”
True, much would be decided by the matchups. Even Horikita, who
Page 21
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
would normally win against 80 percent of the people in the gymnasium,
could lose if she happened to go up against someone from the remaining 20
percent. On the other hand, somebody very unathletic, who could only best a
measly 10 percent of their opponents, might actually win if they were lucky
enough to be matched up with someone even less athletic.
“I’m not talking about random chance, though,” Horikita said. “I’m
talking about something definite. I mean, a method that doesn’t just rely on
luck—one that still relies on athletic skill. On the island and cruise ship, there
were secret clues and pathways we could have detected. This feels the same.
This time, surely…” Maybe because of her shame over her mistakes on the
island, Horikita was now even more obsessed with victory.
“What do you think makes this different from the previous special
tests?” I asked.
“Different? I think it’s the same kind of special exam.”
“I won’t deny that they’re similar, but I doubt that the school considers
them the same.”
“I don’t understand. You think it’s different because we’re cooperating
with Class A this time? But we had to work with students from other classes
on the ship, too.”
“No, that’s not it. The basic premise is different.” I could tell that
Horikita was growing frustrated with my coyness, so I explained. “The
school has never once called the festival a ‘special exam.’ Only the first-year
students have been calling it that. The teachers, including Chabashira-sensei,
all referred to it as a sports festival. That third-year student, Fujimaki, called
it that, too. The words ‘special exam’ weren’t anywhere in the handout,” I
told Horikita.
She didn’t seem convinced. “Well, why does that even matter? The
structure that dictates how the sports festival plays out, and the large potential
increase or decrease in points, make it function pretty much exactly the same
as a special exam.”
“That’s true. But putting aside the fact that you can buy and sell test
points, the regular written exams are meant to test our abilities. I think the
sports festival is supposed to do the same with our physical abilities. It’s not
about employing cheap tricks, or coming up with a strategy or tactics—no, I
think that the class that genuinely challenges themselves in this festival will
demonstrate their true worth,” I replied.
Of course, that didn’t necessarily mean there’d be no cheap tricks.
Page 22
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Once the sports festival began, however, things would be locked in place. It
would be much like how, even though you could do things before or after a
written exam to help your results, you were rather limited during the exam
itself.
“We need to make sure that we’re prepared. That’s all there is to it,” I
said.
“I already said that I want us to prepare. I definitely want Class D to
win,” Horikita retorted.
“Wrong. You’re not talking about preparation. You’re looking for
loopholes.”
“I don’t understand the difference in our strategies,” she replied.
“When I say ‘preparation,’ I mean figuring out who’ll participate and
in what order, knowing which students in other classes are athletic or
unathletic, and so on. Finding out what order they’ll participate in. And also,
making sure that they don’t discover those things about us. On the other
hand, ‘looking for loopholes’ means trying to force someone to bow out of a
competition or withdraw. Look, you want to win, right?” I asked.
“So, you’re saying that we need to fight clean and fight hard to win?”
I didn’t confirm or deny her interpretation of my words. If I had said
that Katsuragi and Ichinose were heads, and Ryuuen and I were tails, which
side of the coin would Horikita choose? I understood why she currently
wanted to resort to “tails,” considering that the people who’d won thus far
were sneaks.
However, I was warning her precisely because going with “tails” in the
sports festival would be extremely difficult.
“What you do is entirely up to you. What advantage do you think Class
D has right now, Horikita?”
“Well, a dispute between Classes B and C will probably help us.”
I had to address the real problem. Horikita Suzune lived her life in such
solitude that she had tunnel vision. “You’re not thinking big enough,” I said.
“Do you think we should dismiss the fact that Ryuuen-kun refused to
cooperate with Class B? I think that’s a positive thing for us.”
“Do you really think that?”
“Well, they might still reconcile and work together. It’s not as though
Ichinose-san particularly likes Ryuuen-kun, but for the sake of victory, she
might put aside her own feelings. Can’t we acknowledge that it’s a good
thing for now, though?”
Page 23
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“That’s exactly what I mean by ‘not thinking big enough.’”
“That’s rude. Fine, do enlighten me.”
“What do you know about Ryuuen? He’s always looking to win. No
matter how he behaves, or how polite he is, he’s always coming up with
strategies. So, why did he suddenly refuse to cooperate with Class B? Do you
think he never considered it?”
“Wait. Are you saying that Classes B and C are working together
behind the scenes?”
“Our relationship with Class B is different than Ryuuen’s. There’s a
good chance that he has a plan in place. If he didn’t, he’d have no reason to
leave. Even if that was a bluff, on the surface, he would gain more by talking
with Class B, right?”
“I don’t think that’s right. It seems unlikely,” replied Horikita.
“So, because earthquakes and fires are unlikely, there’s no need to
have emergency measures in place, just in case?”
“That’s—”
“I think that Ryuuen has, at the very least, one or more tactics in
mind.”
“But if that’s true, it’s crazy. We only just learned about the festival.
To have a whole plan in place so soon…”
“That’s why we need to understand his kind of crazy. What would a
frontal attack from Ryuuen look like? What loopholes could he find? Can we
come up with something similar? Are there precautions we can take? We
have to think like that to rise to Class A’s level,” I said.
I’d been studying Ryuuen’s strategies and thought processes ever since
the fight that nearly got Sudou expelled. Could Horikita still not see that?
I was looking forward to finding out just how far ahead she could
think.
Page 24
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
2.3
 
After class finished for the day, I remained in the classroom alone.
Outside the window, I could hear students engaged in their club activities.
With the sports festival drawing near, each and every one of them was in high
spirits. No one slacked at all in their daily training regimen.
I plugged in my earphones and opened the file I’d received earlier on
my phone. “I see…”
I basically had a good understanding of the situation now. I’d thought
that I might have to lay a few traps, but it seemed that wouldn’t be necessary.
Pleased with this turn of events, I decided to return to my dorm.
As I passed through the main gate, I ran into Chabashira-sensei. She
was spraying water around with a hose.
“You stayed behind longer than usual, Ayanokouji.”
“I suppose you’re right. Are you on duty today?” I asked.
“Something like that,” she replied. She kept spraying water in a
manner that suggested she was used to the task. “Working adults tend to
multitask, unlike children. That’s especially true now that the sports festival
is imminent. Anyway, what were you doing today? This is the first I’ve seen
you roaming around after class alone.”
Page 25
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 26
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Don’t you think that’s an exaggeration?”
“Are you prepared for the sports festival?”
“I think the last homeroom explained everything, more or less. Didn’t
it?”
“In your case, I would have thought that you’d already have some
eccentric idea or strategy in place,” she said.
“No, nothing like that,” I told her.
“Nothing? But—”
When her eyes met mine, she stopped talking. Discussing these things
publicly wouldn’t help anyone.
“I haven’t forgotten what you told me, sensei. However, I’m free to
decide my own path.”
“Yes, you’re certainly right. I shouldn’t interfere with you
unnecessarily. But if you don’t show me some results soon, I’ll stop covering
for you. It goes beyond the scope of an ordinary teacher’s duties, after all,”
she replied.
I didn’t know what she expected from me. I shouldn’t have gotten
myself tangled in such an aggravating situation. No…really, this
confrontation had just been a matter of time. It would come to a head sooner
or later.
“Excuse me.”
“Sure. Take care.”
Nice of her to urge me to “take care” on my arduous return trip of a
couple hundred meters.
I went back to the dorm.
Page 27
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 28
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Chapter 3:
Class D’s Objective
 
We began making comprehensive preparations for the sports
festival, which was only one month away. The teachers said we could use the
weekly two-hour homeroom period as we wished, and Hirata, who was the
closest person we had to a leader, took the initiative. Chabashira-sensei
moved toward the back of the classroom and didn’t say a word. She probably
intended to watch.
“Before we start practicing, we need to decide the order we’ll
participate in, and who will enter the recommended-participant competitions.
I’ve been thinking about this for a while,” said Hirata.
“Okay, but when you say ‘decide,’ how exactly are we going to
decide?”
“Good question. For example, in the events for all participants, we—”
Hirata took a piece of chalk and began writing on the blackboard as he
spoke. He seemed to be good at this sort of thing. He put two headings on the
board, “Raising Hands,” and “Ability,” then explained what those meant as
he wrote down supplemental information.
“This is a rough outline, but I think that everything boils down to these
two approaches. The ‘raising-hands’ system lets people nominate themselves
to participate in competitions. The ‘ability’ system identifies everyone’s
individual talents, and seeks to assign them to maximize efficiency.”
Hirata continued, “Both approaches have their pros and cons, of
course. The strength of the raising-hands system is, naturally, that everyone
gets to voice their wishes. The downside is that, if people’s choices contradict
each other, well, not everyone is going to get what they want. The strength of
the ability system is that we can expect a higher chance of victory than we
would with the raising-hands system. However, because the ability system
favors the most athletic people in the class, it reduces the other students’
chances of winning at something. That’s the gist of what I’ve come up with
so far, but if you happen to have any suggestions, I’d love to hear them.”
Even the least intelligent among us could understand each system’s
pros and cons. Most everyone was ready to go along with Hirata, especially
since no other proposals had been made.
“We should obviously decide based on ability, shouldn’t we? I mean,
Page 29
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
the only one who knows a person best is himself, right?” said Sudou. “If I
win, then it’s more likely our class wins. That puts us way ahead.”
His words were confusing, but true. Sudou’s athletic ability would be
integral to winning the sports festival.
“Well, it makes me kinda mad, but I suppose you’re right,” a girl
muttered.
The boys also murmured in agreement with Sudou. “I’m really not that
great at sports. If Sudou’s okay handling the recommended-participant events
single-handedly, I’m fine with that.”
“Then it’s decided, right? I’ll do all the events for recommended
participants,” Sudou declared.
“If everyone’s okay with that strategy, then I suppose the
recommended participant in every category will be—”
“Wait.” Horikita cut in just before Hirata approved the proposal. “I’ve
got a supplementary proposal.”
The other students turned to look at her.
“If we have to choose between these two approaches, then I agree that
we should go with the ability system. However, that single tactic isn’t
guaranteed to carry us to victory,” explained Horikita.
“Sure, that’s true,” said Hirata.
“I agree that the most athletic students should take part in events for
recommended participants. But, even in events for all participants, we should
group the people who have the best chance of winning. That way, we
maximize everyone’s potential. Put simply, the strongest, fastest students
should be grouped together,” said Horikita.
“Hold on a minute. Won’t that leave slower people high and dry?”
Shinohara was the first to object. “Privileges only go down to third place. I
don’t want to throw away my shot.”
“Your personal feelings are irrelevant. It’s for the sake of the class,”
replied Horikita.
“I know it’s for the class’s sake, but I don’t want to lose out on private
points.”
“If the class wins, the reward will be ample—easy to divide among us.
Is that not enough for you?”
“I don’t want to miss out on individual rewards, like earning test
points!”
“I understand your desire. However, your logic confuses me. If you
Page 30
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
just studied ahead of time, before an exam, you wouldn’t need to rely on
those privileges,” said Horikita. “Besides, you probably wouldn’t win
anything anyway. I mean, with your lackluster athletic ability, it’s not as
though you’ll place in the top three.”
“Not everyone is as smart as you, Horikita-san. Don’t just lump all of
us together,” snapped Shinohara.
“Then just study longer every day. I don’t want to hear your excuses
anymore.”
Supporting voices rose throughout the classroom, all in favor of
Horikita’s logic. The athletes, like Sudou, were particularly on board with her
plan. However, Shinohara still looked annoyed, and she probably wasn’t the
only one.
“Enough already, Shinohara. If we lose because of you, will you take
responsibility? Huh?” Sudou, normally the worst in terms of academic
ability, now beamed with hope and a sense of leadership.
“That’s…ugh.”
“Honestly, what a pain,” Horikita muttered in my direction. “It’s like
you’re not even paying attention. Instead of messing around on your phone,
how about you try coming up with ways for us to win?”
“Well, if I just leave it to you and Hirata, you’ll sort out our problems,
right?” I replied. Still, I turned my phone off and placed it in my pocket. The
discussion appeared to be over—or so I thought.
“Hey, excuse me? I object to this, too. You’re okay with sentencing the
unathletic students to lose, like Shinohara said? You think we can all come
together in a situation like this?” Karuizawa spoke up, supporting Shinohara.
She glared at Horikita.
“I’ve said as much. Do you understand my logic?”
“No. I don’t get it at all. Hey, what do you think, Kushida-san?” asked
Karuizawa.
Kushida had been strangely quiet during the meeting. She seemed
slightly surprised, but spoke after a moment. “It’s tough. I’ve been thinking
about how both sides feel. Like Horikita-san, I want us to succeed as a class.
But, just like Shinohara-san said, everyone should have a chance to win. If
there were some kind of middle-ground solution, that would be ideal. A
strategy we could all get behind.”
Once Kushida was done, there were a lot of noises of assent. Horikita
seemed to have anticipated this idea.
Page 31
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Of course. I have a compromise that should be agreeable to both
sides. Students who place at the top, and don’t need to boost their test scores,
will use the private points they win to boost the test scores of students who
place at the bottom. The entire class will share in the gains and losses of
private points from the festival. I trust there will be no complaints?” asked
Horikita.
So, in exchange for lowering our chances of victory across the board,
we less-athletic students would also offset the risks in case we were defeated.
The bottom ten students across each grade level would still be in trouble,
though.
“Oh, yeah, that’d be fine,” said Sudou with a disdainful snort, as if he
were calling the opposition pathetic whiners.
“But that’s just for points. We’re still losing out on chances to win the
big prize. What does everyone think about that?” Karuizawa wasn’t letting
this go. She looked over to her group of girls.
“If Karuizawa-san objects, then so do I, I guess.” One after another, the
girls followed her lead.
“You’re objecting just because she objected? That’s completely
illogical. This is an exam. It’s only natural that we focus on a winning
strategy. The other class definitely isn’t weighed down by morons like you,”
grumbled Horikita.
“You just don’t get it, do you, Horikita-san? I hate this plan, and the
other girls hate it, too. So, you need to take our opinions into account. We
have to make these competitions fair,” said Karuizawa.
“Calm down, both of you,” said Hirata. “If we can’t agree, then we’ve
got to have a majority vote.”
This had probably been inevitable.
“I think we should vote,” continued Hirata.
“If Yousuke-kun says so, then I agree,” said Karuizawa.
“Fine. This isn’t the time to fight amongst ourselves. At any rate, I’ve
offered my opinion. I hope you’ll all make the right decision,” said Horikita.
She sat down in frustration and glared at me. “Ayanokouji-kun, can’t
you tell Karuizawa-san to shut up?” she huffed.
“Uh, no. There’s no way I could do that,” I said.
“You’ve been talking to her lately, though. Haven’t you? Isn’t that why
she’s getting carried away?”
“No. Karuizawa’s always been like that,” I replied.
Page 32
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“That’s certainly true,” Horikita muttered. She couldn’t hide her
irritation with Karuizawa, whose opinion lacked logic, or with the girls who
let someone else lead them around.
“Now then,” said Hirata. “We have Horikita’s proposal, which focuses
on ability, and Karuizawa-san’s, which prioritizes the individual. How about
we decide which plan we prefer by a show of hands? If anyone finds
choosing a side difficult, they can abstain.”
Horikita wanted to win, while Karuizawa wanted everyone to feel
valued. The class’s future would depend on whether people used their heads
or their hearts. Of course, I myself had zero interest in the outcome.
“All right. All those in favor of Horikita-san’s plan?”
“Yeah. I agree with Horikita’s plan, of course,” said Sudou. “It’s about
winning. When winners win, we all win. Ain’t that a good thing?”
Sudou raised his hand. Those who had no confidence whatsoever in
their athletic abilities, like Yukimura and Sakura, followed his lead. But the
more capable students, along with Karuizawa’s group, didn’t raise their
hands.
“Sixteen votes, then. Thank you. You can put your hands down.”
“Wait a minute, Ayanokouji-kun. Don’t tell me you agree with
Karuizawa-san’s plan?” said Horikita, who realized that I hadn’t raised my
hand.
“Relax. It’s my policy to abstain from voting.”
“In that case, you could just have voted for my plan,” she growled.
“Your plan isn’t necessarily right, is it?” I asked.
“I can’t understand you. Giving the class the best-possible chance of
winning will ultimately result in netting a lot of private points. Even if we
only won a few matches here and there, the points would be significant. If
you say that’s wrong, perhaps you can give me a clear reason why?”
“I didn’t say you were wrong. I’m just saying it’s not the only answer,”
I replied.
The students used as sacrificial lambs, sent out to be destroyed by
strong opponents, would finish the sports festival without earning any points
at all. Horikita did understand that much, at least. But she also thought it was
a necessary sacrifice in order to win.
“The other students aren’t all as ambitious as you,” I told her.
“All right. Next, we have Karuizawa-san’s plan. Anyone in favor of
this plan, to win when we need to and have fun when we want to, please raise
Page 33
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
your hand,” said Hirata.
Along with Karuizawa’s group, other students began raising their
hands.
“And the results of the majority vote are…sixteen votes for Horikita-
san’s plan, and thirteen votes for Karuizawa-san’s. It’s safe to say that
everyone else abstained from voting?”
Karuizawa hadn’t won votes with a well-articulated plan. Rather, she
relied on her installed support base to do what it could. Apparently, most
students believed that Horikita’s plan was realistic and efficient.
Class D’s strategy would be, not to participate as individuals, but to
win as a class.
“…………” Since Karuizawa had approved a majority vote, she
couldn’t complain now.
“Then it’s decided,” said Horikita. “Now, Hirata-kun, I’ll leave the rest
to you.”
I didn’t think we’d necessarily made a bad choice. Unathletic students
wouldn’t be taking the initiative in the first place. Inevitably, those asked to
fill the recommended-participant positions would be jocks like Sudou and
Hirata.
“So, regarding the number of participants for recommended-participant
events…” Hirata continued.
“I’ll participate in every competition. If anyone’s got something to say
about that, then they can meet me outside, and we’ll talk face-to-face,” Sudou
declared. He had one card, and he was playing it all the way. Furthermore, he
apparently intended to force anyone who complained to surrender. Too
aggressive, but the strategy seemed effective, since no dissatisfied grumbling
could be heard.
“I will also compete in as many events as possible.” As expected,
Horikita volunteered herself. Karuizawa’s face stiffened slightly. The girls
around her quietly whispered in one another’s ears, and I wondered if they
were badmouthing Horikita.
The self-nominations and recommendations began pouring in, one after
another, and soon the recommended participants were decided. Sudou would
compete in every competition, just as he’d declared. Other students who were
good at sports, like Kushida and Onodera, also offered to participate, in
addition to Horikita and Hirata. However, we had only filled about a third of
the events for all participants. The rest of the spots remained open.
Page 34
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Hey, Kouenji. Ain’t you gonna cooperate?” asked Sudou, glaring
daggers at him. Even Sudou recognized that Kouenji possessed potential
equal to, if not greater than, his own. “You didn’t raise your hand earlier.”
“I have no interest in this. You people do what you like.”
“Stop screwing around, you jerk.”
“I assure you, I am not ‘screwing around.’ I have no reason to let you
bully me into anything,” replied Kouenji. Yep, he was never going to change.
“We don’t need to decide everything right here and now, Sudou-kun.
Kouenji-kun must have his reasons.” Hirata tried to deescalate the situation.
“At the very least, we’ve decided what the class’s strategy will be, and who
wants to participate in individual competitions. I think that it would be best to
take our time with the rest.”
With that, the discussion came to an end.
Page 35
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
3.1
 
After class, I had some free time. I decided to contact a certain
person before heading back to the dorm. As I rose, I exchanged looks with
Karuizawa.
She must not have understood my intentions, because she left the
classroom with two of her friends. Giving up, I grabbed my bag and started to
head back to my dorm alone, like always. I left roughly one minute after
Karuizawa.
Upon descending the stairs, however, I found her seemingly waiting
for me, standing alone by the main entrance. “Wait,” she said.
“I thought you left.”
“I thought you had something you wanted to talk about, so I waited.
Was I wrong?”
I couldn’t help my surprise. “I do, I suppose.”
“Well, I have something to talk to you about, too. Mind hearing me
out?”
“Go ahead.”
“That message you sent me… What are your real intentions?”
She showed me her phone. The text displayed on the screen read, “No
matter what, object to Horikita’s plan. Then ask Kushida for her opinion.”
I’d instructed Karuizawa to do that in the middle of class.
“When it comes to improvising, you’re quite fast on your feet. You did
very well,” I told her.
“Really? You know, I actually agreed with Horikita-san’s plan. I don’t
understand why you had me call on Kushida-san, either. What are you
playing at?” she asked.
“If you worry over each and every thing I do, you’ll never know peace.
Besides, I’m under no compunction to answer your questions. Understand?” I
asked.
“So, I should just do as I’m told, like a loyal dog, and never ask why.
Got it.”
“Exactly.”
Karuizawa didn’t seem pleased, but didn’t object further. “One more
thing. You didn’t raise your hand. Which choice did you think was right?”
she asked.
Page 36
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“They could both be right, I guess. Everything depends on the
individual, anyway.”
“That’s not an answer.”
“I have a policy of ignoring questions trapped in the limited ‘either-or’
binary,” I said.
“Huh? I don’t get you. What do you even want, anyway? Are you just
trying to wreak havoc on everyone? Or are you seriously thinking about
getting from Class D to Class A?”
“Horikita seems to believe I’m fighting for the latter, at the very least.”
Karuizawa glared, as if to say, That’s not what I asked. “I wasn’t
asking what Horikita-san thinks. I want you to knock off the space-cadet act
and just tell me what you’re after.”
“I see. Well, I’m not personally interested in reaching Class A. It’s just
that I think it might benefit me if our class rises to the top,” I said.
“Wait, what does that mean? What’s the difference?”
I decided not to mention my bargain with Chabashira-sensei.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you. So, I’m taking several
precautions to make you believe down the line. One of our classmates will
betray us during this sports festival. They’ll leak internal information from
our class,” I said.
“Wait, what?! Are you being serious right now?!” Karuizawa was
incredulous.
“When the time comes, you’ll understand…what I’m seeing, what I
can see,” I told her.
“Huh?! Tell me what’s going on!”
“I can’t right now. But when the time comes, I will. Right now, you
should go. We’re drawing too much attention here.”
“You don’t need to tell me that. If I were seen hanging out with a
weirdo like you, my social cred would plummet. But…even if someone does
betray the class, we’ll be okay. Right?” she asked.
“Yes. I’ve prepared.”
Looking dissatisfied, Karuizawa turned and left. I watched her walk
away and sighed to myself. Class D’s strategy was in motion, as was my own
personal plan.
Now then, I wonder what Class A has in mind? Considering
Katsuragi’s personality, their strategy would be solid. But Sakayanagi would
be good for the White Team, of course, and also for Class D.
Page 37
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Imagine a hypothetical situation with two people and only one life-
saving apparatus—let’s say a life jacket, meaning that only one of the two
people can live. One person is able-bodied, and one disabled. If the able-
bodied person chose to save themselves, they could probably take the life
jacket by force with relative ease, due to the other person’s disability. The
world is cruel. A crisis tends to bring out the worst in us.
That said, just because Sakayanagi wasn’t physically active didn’t
mean she was harmless.
“Even so…”
Karuizawa was better at reading people than I’d imagined, probably
because of her past. Satisfied with the completion of some rather unexpected
business, I decided to head back.
Page 38
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
3.2
 
There was a lot to do before the sports festival. Our physical
education classes would be free periods from here on out, granting students
permission to practice however they wanted to.
Hirata submitted a request to the school and obtained a device for
measuring grip strength, which he brought to our P.E. period the next day. In
line with Horikita’s plan, we would prioritize ability. Hirata’s device was
simple, but should help. Quite a few of the boys’ competitions would require
pure power.
“Okay, let’s line up. How about we measure the grip strength of our
dominant hand? I’ll record the results. I borrowed two of these, so we can
split up to save time.”
Hirata handed the devices to the people standing at his left and right:
Hondou and Yukimura. Sudou, who apparently didn’t like that, snatched one
device for himself.
“Let’s start with me, Hirata. That’ll set a high standard,” he said. His
logic didn’t track, so he probably just wanted to showcase his own strength.
“Um… Well then, let’s have Sotomura-kun stand next to you and take
his measurement simultaneously, Sudou-kun,” replied Hirata.
“Check it out, Ayanokouji. This is what a real man looks like.
Uraaah!” said Sudou, with a suitable bellow.
His shoulders shook while he tightly gripped the device in his right
hand. The numbers on the digital readout shot up rapidly. In an instant they
climbed to 50, then 60, then over 70. In the end, the number on the digital
display was 82.4 kilograms. Everyone around us went crazy.
“What the heck, dude? You’re stupidly strong!”
“Heh. It’s just ’cause I train all the time. Only natural. Hey, come on.
You do it, Kouenji.” Sudou displayed his score to Kouenji, almost as if trying
to provoke the other boy.
“I’ll pass. Ignore me.” Kouenji polished his fingernails and blew on
them.
“What? You scared of losing to me or something? Guess that’s
understandable. Heh!” It was an obvious jab, but Kouenji didn’t respond.
“Tch. Oh, hey. Ayanokouji.”
Sudou shoved the device into my hand.
Page 39
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“No thanks. I’ll do it later.”
“Huh? Come on, don’t mess around. We gotta do it in order.”
Coming from Sudou, that was rich—82.4 kilograms was a
considerably high number. But it was also true that I was next in line. I
wondered what the average value was for a first-year high school student. I’d
used grip strength measurement devices hundreds of times before, but never
once had I heard the average for people my age. I only had my own personal
records.
“Hey, Sudou. What do you think the average would be for a high
school student?” I asked.
“Huh? I dunno. Maybe, like, around 60?”
“Around 60, huh?”
I grasped the grip strength measurement device so that I could see the
monitor. Grip strength wasn’t simply proportional to your arm’s thickness,
though of course, it wasn’t completely unrelated, either. A bunch of muscles
known as the “flexor carpi radialis” and the “brachioradialis” in your forearm
were most important. The forearm muscles contracted, pulling on the
tendons, and thus bending the fingers. The idea was to improve grip strength
by training those muscles.
If you had a certain amount of muscle mass, depending on your degree
of training, you could exceed a grip strength of 100 kilograms. Of course,
you would need to spend a lot of time training to achieve that.
I gripped the lever, slowly applying force. Once I passed 44, I started
to make minute adjustments to my grip strength. Once I passed 55, I further
adjusted my grip, and once my grip strength reached just slightly over 60, I
stopped adding any more force.
“That’s it. I can’t go any further.”
I released my grip on the device and handed it over to Ike, who stood
next to me. Then I went to give Hirata my result.
“My grip strength was 60.6.” I delivered my report casually.
“Heh. You’re pretty strong, Ayanokouji-kun,” replied Hirata. He gave
me a smile, as though he were impressed.
“Huh? Wait, isn’t that around average?”
“I think the average is lower than that, actually. 45 or 50?” mused
Hirata.
“Hirataaaa. I got a 42.6. Can you give me a few tiny bonus points and
make it 50?” asked Ike. That wasn’t a tiny bonus.
Page 40
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Hirata, smiling wryly, wrote down 42.6 in his notebook. Sotomura got
42, and Miyamoto, who went afterward, got a 48. There were certainly a lot
of people scoring under 50.
“I see. So, 60 was high, then.”
I shouldn’t have asked someone like Sudou what the average was. I’d
thought that by placing my strength squarely in the middle, I’d be able to
avoid participating, but I made a serious miscalculation. At this rate, I might
be required to enter some recommended-participant events.
Kouenji aside, I ended up placing second in the class. I’d definitely
screwed up. Next came Hirata in third place with 57.9. Sudou couldn’t hide
his disappointment in our classmates.
“Man, I can’t rely on a single one of you. The next best is Ayanokouji?
This might as well be over.”
His casual rudeness could be stunning sometimes.
After the boys finished taking their measurements, we handed the
devices to the girls. Since there would be mixed guy-and-girl competitions,
knowing everyone’s strength would be necessary.
Hirata filled out names for recommended-participant events based on
the results he collected. “Okay, so we can simply go in order, based on grip
strength, for the tug-of-war and the four-way tug-of-war. That’ll be Sudou-
kun, Ayanokouji-kun, Miyake-kun, and me.”
“What exactly is a four-way tug-of-war, anyway? I ain’t ever heard of
that,” said Sudou.
“I haven’t heard of it before, either, so I looked into it. It’s pretty much
exactly what its name says. It’s a tug-of-war competition in which four
people are chosen from each of the four classes, for a total of sixteen people.
It sounds like it’s a tug-of-war contest where those sixteen people pull
simultaneously,” said Hirata.
Unlike in a normal game of tug-of-war, where you could just rely on
your strength, some tactics would be necessary. Hirata wrote down the four-
way tug-of-war participants in his notebook.
“Hey, Hirata, are we not getting any more chances to enter events?”
“Oh no, it’s not like that. It’s just, well, I think that competitions like
the scavenger hunt are based more on luck than athleticism,” replied Hirata.
“Luck? So, how are we going to decide that?”
“Simple is best. How about we go with rock-paper-scissors?” Hirata
suggested.
Page 41
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Of course, I had no desire to play. I prayed I’d lose, but ended up
winning in the first round. I prayed even harder that I’d lose as I went into the
second and final rounds, but ended up winning again. Three boys, two girls:
we had five students, picked by sheer luck.
“Ayanokouji-kun, Yukimura-kun, Sotomura-kun, Mori-san, and
Maezono-san. You five,” said Hirata. Adding Sudou, that made six of us who
would participate in the scavenger hunt.
“Alas! I-I have been chosen to participate in the scavenger hunt?
Alack!” the Professor wailed with great dramatic flair. “Why, oh why did I
throw rock at that moment? Alas.”
“I’m so jealous!” whined Ike.
How interesting. What to someone was misfortune was a dream to
another.
I would’ve been happy to give Ike my spot, but that would probably
lead to an argument, so I decided not to bother. Besides, people like the
Professor clearly didn’t want to participate.
Pretty soon, Hirata completely filled the roster for every event. “All
done.” He closed his notebook, and the class let out a sigh of relief. However,
this roster was temporary. Depending on how practice went, and what we
learned about other classes, we could still make changes.
“This information is top secret, so everyone, please only make note of
your events and your partners. No photographs,” said Hirata.
He really had thought of everything. One careless picture of the
notebook, and there was no telling how far that information could spread. As
Hirata’s notebook was passed from person to person, Horikita spoke to me.
“What’s the matter, Ayanokouji-kun? You look more somber than
usual.”
“Many participants were chosen against their will,” I told her.
“There’s nothing to be done about that. In our class, there’s an
extremely wide gap between the athletic and unathletic students,” she replied.
“That’s certainly true.”
But the roster wasn’t set in stone yet. If a more suitable participant
appeared prior to the festival, I could probably switch with him or her. I’d be
more than open to handing over my burdens. In fact, I’d absolutely love to
hand them over.
Page 42
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 43
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Chapter 4:
Everyone’s Calculations
 
Starting from our next homeroom period, we’d be practicing
independently to prepare for the sports festival. During Class D’s free period,
we changed into gym clothes and made our way to the athletic grounds.
“Whoa, check it out.” Ike, wearing an unpleasant expression, stared at
the main school building. Several students were watching us through the
windows of their classroom.
“Hey, they’re from Class B, right? Guess they’re already spying,”
mused Ike.
“Class A is checking us out, too.”
If we wanted to train in such a conspicuous place, it was only natural
that we’d be watched. Even if we held back, so the others wouldn’t see our
true skills, that would only hamper our practice and hurt us in the end.
“They started right away.” Horikita had also noticed the curious stares.
For my part, I was more worried about Class C. Not a single one of
them was looking at us. It was like they were saying that Class D wasn’t any
threat to them.
“Are you worried about Ryuuen-kun?” Horikita asked me.
“Yeah, a little.”
“I’m surprised that he doesn’t seem to be carrying out some kind of
reconnaissance. However, he did refuse to cooperate with Class B. He
doesn’t appear interested in any sort of strategy.” Horikita shot me a look that
seemed to say, I understand, before continuing. “Or so I would have thought
if you hadn’t warned me. Surely the other students must think they’re safe,
though.”
She glanced at the students, who were throwing themselves into
practice.
“What you mentioned earlier, about Ryuuen-kun already having a
strategy? I suppose this means that his plans are already in place.
Reconnaissance isn’t necessary for him.” Horikita no longer appeared
optimistic. On the contrary, she now looked clearly bewildered. “Anyone
would want information on the other classes. They should want to know who
is physically gifted, who’ll participate in which contests, and so on. But
him…”
Page 44
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
That in itself proved that Ryuuen already had a secret strategy.
“The important thing is not to be satisfied just with knowing that
Ryuuen has a plan,” I explained.
“What do you mean?”
“Normally, when someone has a secret plan in place, they do whatever
it takes to ensure that their enemies don’t figure it out. However, Ryuuen’s
not even trying to hide the fact that he’s up to something. He’s making it
obvious by not bothering to do any reconnaissance,” I said.
“It’s almost like he’s showing off. You know, I can’t help but wonder
where your powers of observation came from. But, since you’ve forbidden
me from asking questions, I suppose I must be quiet.”
What a disagreeable and Horikita-esque way of putting it. Of course,
no matter how much she poked and prodded, I wouldn’t budge.
“Suzune. You have a minute?” asked Sudou, startling Horikita with his
late arrival. Sudou interrupting her train of thought clearly irritated her.
Something else seemed to be bothering her, too.
“I’ve told you numerous times. Please do not call me by my first
name.”
“Aw, what do you mean? Does it really bother you that much?”
“Yes. I don’t want someone I’m not close to using my first name,” said
Horikita. As always, she went right for the heart, sparing none of Sudou’s
feelings. “If you continue to call me ‘Suzune’ after this warning, I’ll have to
take more direct action to make you stop.”
A terrifying proposition, truly. Sudou changed the topic.
“In that case, if I get the best results out of anyone in Class D during
the festival, will you let me call you by your first name?”
“Hard work is its own reward. Why should I agree to such an idiotic
bet?” Horikita probably wasn’t aware of Sudou’s feelings for her.
“Well, it’s just… Not too long ago, you saved me. That’s why I want
to do things properly, so we can… No, I think I’d like to be friends with you,
first. This is the first step,” said Sudou.
“I can’t understand why you’d go out of your way to request something
like that. But fine. If you produce the best results, I will allow you to use my
first name. However, I won’t be satisfied if you’re just the best in our class.
Show me that you can be the best out of everyone in our grade,” said
Horikita.
She’d given Sudou an incredibly high hurdle to clear. But Sudou
Page 45
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
showed no sign of balking. “All right! It’s a deal, then. If I place first in our
grade level, I’ll call you by your first name,” he said happily.
“However, in the event that you don’t get first place, I’ll forever forbid
you from saying my first name. Prepare yourself,” said Horikita.
“Y-yeah.”
Page 46
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
4.1
 
We started testing everyone’s aptitude in earnest. Although Hirata’s
policy didn’t encourage forced participation, roughly 90 percent of the class
took part in the various tests. Only a few, like Kouenji and the Professor, sat
them out.
“Hah…ah…phew!” Sakura finished in last place, looking as though
she was about to collapse, both hands on her knees.
“Good work, Sakura. You really gave it your all.”
“A-Ayanokouji-kun. Ah…hah…” Sakura wheezed.
Sakura had always been rather unathletic, but recently, she’d worked
hard to contribute to the class. Unfortunately, her lack of physical endurance
was still a problem.
“Hey, hey! Let’s go!”
Meanwhile Sudou, usually the least serious class member, worked
harder than I’d ever seen. He needn’t have worried. When he was in top
form, Sudou was unbeatable. No student in our class could stand as his equal.
“Wow, just like we’d expect, Sudou-kun! You always end up taking
first place in our class, no matter the event. That’s amazing!” said Kushida.
She jumped up and down in excitement as Sudou finished running the 100-
meter relay race.
“Heh, guess so. Even so, I dunno what’ll happen if he runs.” Sudou
glared at Kouenji, who showed no interest whatsoever.
“You know, that reminds me. I’ve never seen Kouenji seriously run
before.”
Back when Kouenji had faced off against Sudou in swimming class,
he’d beaten Sudou’s time. His skill was obvious, but he wasn’t going to
budge unless he wanted to.
“But, seriously, you’re amazing. Really, Sudou-kun, you’re definitely
the sports festival leader,” said Kushida.
“Leader? Me?” Sudou repeated the word, appearing to be a little taken
aback.
“Yes.” Hirata, who was recording everyone’s scores, apparently agreed
with Kushida. “After all, the sports festival really is an athlete’s time to shine.
Would you mind leading our class for this?”
“I ain’t really suited to be a leader or anythin’…” Sudou looked over at
Page 47
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Horikita for her opinion.
“You’re not the type of person to speak eloquently. As a
communicator, Hirata-kun is certainly the superior choice,” she said.
“However, based on your sprint earlier and your other athletic records, I can
see Hirata-kun’s point. You shine when showered with attention. Besides,
brute strength will be necessary to pull our class along. I wouldn’t object to
you serving as leader in this.”
She didn’t encourage him, but she didn’t reject him, either. She’d
acknowledged him.
“Okay! I’ll lead our class to victory,” said Sudou. Perhaps being so
lovestruck was foolish, but he clearly wanted to live up to Horikita’s
expectations.
“Don’t get overconfident and sloppy, because I’ll make you pay for
that,” warned Horikita.
She walked away and returned to practicing. Sudou blushed, clenching
his fists as he watched her go.
Page 48
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
4.2
 
Sudou was serious about being a leader. The next day, he began
coaching the other students, starting by teaching them how to win the tug-of-
war. I watched from a slight distance away.
“You’re just pointlessly strainin’ yourself. There’s no strength at all in
your pull. At this rate, you wouldn’t win, even if you could,” said Sudou.
He grabbed the short length of rope tightly to give us a practical
demonstration. Ike and Yamauchi faced off against him. The looks on their
faces suggested that they expected to win, but when the match began, Sudou
pulled with an overwhelming amount of strength. A disappointingly short
time later, Ike and Yamauchi fell down and sat on the ground.
“See? You ain’t putting any power into it at all.”
“I don’t get it. Hey, Sudou, is there some kinda trick or something?”
“Well, power’s important, but also, don’t just use your arms. Use your
hips, too,” said Sudou. His manner was rough, but he gave each and every
student thorough guidance.
“Hey, Sudou-kun. Can you come look at this for us? We’re not doing
well with our carriage for the cavalry battle.”
“Sure. Wait a sec. I’ll be right there.”
There were more than a few unathletic students, which meant that
several people asked Sudou for help. I was honestly surprised that even girls
asked him for his opinion.
“Well, he seems to be taking this rather seriously.”
“It’s the first time that people have relied on him. Leadership might
actually suit him, don’t you think?” asked Horikita. “As for me, though…
well, I wouldn’t mind praising him, but—”
Before she could finish the thought, we heard an angry voice.
“Look, I’m tellin’ you that ain’t it!” Sudou kicked at the dirt, sending it
flying toward Ike and Yamauchi.
“Gah! Puh…yuck! Dude, c’mon. Stop!”
Horikita sighed.
Sudou’s rashness was still a problem. A leader needed to be patient,
like Hirata, who always employed gentle teaching methods. He was currently
checking some girls’ positions in the carriage formation, to make sure that
they were comfortable.
Page 49
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Yeah, I think this formation is great. But don’t you feel a little
cramped?” Hirata asked them.
“Yeah. My shoulders hurt a little, I guess.”
“Let’s change the positioning a bit. If you just move a few centimeters,
it’ll feel different.”
“Oh, wow, you’re right! That feels much more comfortable. Thank
you, Hirata-kun.”
“Hey, can you help us out, too, Hirata?” another cavalry group asked.
“Why don’t you help teach the girls, too?” I asked Horikita. She was
one of our top athletes; she had a lot going for her as a teacher.
“I don’t want to teach them. Besides, I don’t think anyone wants me to
teach them, either.”
With that bold statement, she started warming up by herself.
“I’m already trying my hardest to produce results for myself. How can
you be so laid-back? I suppose, if you’re sure you can win, that’s fine,” added
Horikita.
“Nope, I’m not confident.”
“That sounds about right. You always get average scores. You’re
neither fast nor slow. Your results don’t stand out at all.”
“You know that?”
“I try hard to uncover my classmates’ true abilities.” She had observed
me closely, even during physical education. “I’ll ask you this just once, but…
are you holding back, like you did with your test scores?”
“Would I do something so pointless?”
“The odds of that are about fifty-fifty to me. So, do you?”
“I’m sorry to disappoint, but what you see is what you get.”
“So, you’re neither good nor bad. That means I shouldn’t expect great
results, hmm?”
“Yep, that’s right.”
“Then you should practice more, starting now.”
“If I could improve in such a short time span, this wouldn’t be a
problem. Unlike studying, trying to do this all at the last minute the night
before is kind of pointless.” Physical ability only improved through repeated
conditioning.
“Wouldn’t it be a good idea to focus on events where you can improve
quickly, though? For example, just learning how to grip a rope or form a
carriage will increase our chances of victory.”
Page 50
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Maybe.”
I’d tried to slack off and cut class, but Horikita had firmly boxed me in.
Well, there wasn’t any getting around it. I needed to practice for the
recommended-participant events I’d somehow gotten roped into.
“Hey,” Horikita called out to me again as I walked away.
“Hmm?”
“Every class’s physical abilities will determine who wins and who
loses. Right?”
“This is a sports festival. Physical abilities are key.”
“Yes. Still, that kind of thinking is limited. If I focus on my own
performance, I’m confident that I can produce good results, but something’s
been troubling me for a while. I might not be able to reach Class A just by
improving my own skills,” said Horikita. It was an uncharacteristically timid
remark, coming from her.
“Okay. Let me ask you this. What should we do in the sports festival to
produce results? To reach Class A?”
In reply to my question, Horikita just gave me a confused look.
“Could it be that you’ll win if you enjoy it? This is the long-awaited
sports festival, after all. Forgetting that this is a test and having fun is an
option,” I said, as if trying to change the topic.
“You promised me that you’d cooperate, didn’t you? You said you’d
help me reach Class A,” said Horikita.
“That’s what I’m doing, isn’t it?” I spread out my hands, showing that
I’d nothing to hide. “I’ll participate in the festival. That’s cooperating.”
“Are you serious?”
“You said so yourself, didn’t you? Physical ability will determine
victory or defeat.”
“But there are other aspects to the competition besides physical ability,
too,” she said.
“Okay. So, on the day of the festival, should I give the Class B and C
students stomachaches and make them bow out? If I do that, we’ll have a
total victory. We’ll win by an overwhelming margin,” I said.
“Stop joking.”
“Look. It sounds like you’re saying that a high level of physical ability
won’t be enough,” I said.
“So, you agree that something else is required?” she asked.
“You’ll learn the answer to that soon enough,” I replied.
Page 51
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Somebody was walking toward us. “Horikita-san, you’re up next for
three-legged race practice.”
“Okay.”
Horikita left. Apparently, she was partnering with Onodera, a girl from
the swimming club who was supposedly a great sprinter. I wondered how
Horikita would handle it.
The five pairs of girls lined up in formation, then launched into the
race. Horikita and Onodera weren’t slow, but they weren’t fast, either. They
came in third. The worst team was Sakura and Inogashira, a most unathletic
pair. They were slow as molasses.
Dissatisfied, Horikita and Onodera decided to practice the three-legged
race again. That time went no better than the first.
“Those two’re kinda slow, huh?” mused Sudou.
“Yeah.”
Finishing their second run, the pair immediately untied the cord and
faced each other. “Hey, Horikita-san, can’t you try to keep pace with me
better?” Onodera sounded slightly annoyed.
“It’s certainly true that we aren’t moving in sync, but that’s not my
fault. You’re too slow.”
“What?”
“Shouldn’t you strive to match the faster partner? Deliberately slowing
my pace to suit yours makes no sense,” said Horikita.
It seemed that my worst fears were being realized. Trying to keep pace
with the speedy Horikita was no easy feat.
“Okay. How about we give it a try, Ayanokouji-kun?” asked Hirata.
“Roger.” I didn’t have time to waste on Horikita, who was fighting
with her partner. The three-legged race was a first for me, too.
“To begin with, let’s just focus on running. Then we can try and fix
whatever goes wrong. Okay?”
I nodded and tied our legs together per Hirata’s instructions. It was too
tight for my liking, and made me feel shackled. Honestly, it was a little
embarrassing to be that close to somebody. Particularly Hirata, the darling of
all the Class D girls.
“Okay then. Let’s take our first step,” said Hirata.
I nodded, and waited for Hirata to move his leg so I could match him.
Keeping up with his rhythm, I stepped with my outer leg.
“This is really uncomfortable.”
Page 52
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“It is, isn’t it? But, as you run, try matching your breathing to our
movements. Okay? I’m going to start running.”
Hirata picked up his pace slightly, and I copied him. Really, my run
was only at about power-walking speed.
“Yeah, that’s it. That’s it! You’ve got it!”
Being complimented really did make things easier. As I got used to
three-legged running, I realized that it was surprisingly simple. If both
partners understood each other and maintained a similar pace, everything got
smoother.
Hirata and I ran a small lap, came back, and untied the cord. Loud,
high-pitched cheers could be heard from the girls. “So fast! Just like we’d
expect from you, Hirata-kun!”
“It’s really, really easy with Ayanokouji-kun as my partner. Let’s all
practice and do our best during the festival, okay?”
Yeah, he really was supportive. He’d just finished his own practice,
and now he was heading off to give other students advice again. Just another
day in the life of Hirata, a truly superior man.
Page 53
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
4.3
 
It was mid-September, and the sports festival was less than two weeks
away. Sudou remained steadfast and practiced tirelessly. Tempering his spirit
day in and day out with basketball had made him tenacious. Some students
among us were holding back and cutting corners, but Sudou always gave
everything he had.
Of course, Hirata hadn’t forgotten about our relationship with Class A.
He periodically held meetings with Katsuragi during which they discussed
how best to compete. Class D, normally just an inch away from disaster, was
doing almost too well.
Looking at the big picture, I saw two remaining issues at hand.
First, Horikita Suzune. She could become an invaluable asset to the
class, but she wasn’t quite there yet. No matter how many times Horikita
changed partners, they always ended up fighting and dissolving the
partnership. Eventually, Horikita decided to compete paired with the girl who
best matched her speed, but even that had fallen apart. Now she just spent her
time silently alone.
“Do you have a minute?” I asked.
“What?” Perhaps because of stress, she seemed even pricklier than
usual.
“I think it’d do you some good to compromise a little more,” I said. I’d
watched her practice, but had seen no sign of improvement. Horikita’s overly
forceful nature was getting in the way.
“Many people have told me that,” she said, rubbing her forehead. “I
won’t compromise, because I’m trying to get the best time. Isn’t that a good
thing?”
“So, you have no intention of yielding?”
“That’s right. I don’t intend to accommodate someone else’s
slowness.”
“But, because of that, no one wants to practice with you.”
“If I’m expected to yield, my partner must put in the effort first. I can’t
work with someone who refuses to even try to improve,” she replied.
“Stick your foot out.”
“What are you getting at?”
“Partner with me for the three-legged race.”
Page 54
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Why should I?”
“There’s a mixed-gender three-legged race. Can’t we determine how
compatible we are as partners?”
“So, you think you can keep pace with me? You’ll only drag me
down.”
“According to your theory, my speed isn’t the issue, only my effort.”
“Fine. I’ll tie us together.”
Horikita crouched and tied the cord around our legs, as if telling me not
to touch her. Everyone nearby was focused on practicing, and no one paid
attention to us. Even Sudou, who’d probably get angry if he saw this, was too
busy with other people.
“Well then, let’s go!”
At the beginning, I mirrored Horikita. However, as we picked up
speed, I started going at my own pace.
“H-hey!”
Despite Horikita’s panic, I mercilessly went faster. She did everything
she could to keep up with me, but her stamina and strength couldn’t match
mine.
“You said that keeping up with your partner isn’t difficult, right?” I
asked.
“That’s… I know!”
She was obstinate. I decided to shift gears. In the three-legged race,
speed alone wasn’t enough. The important thing was to find a tempo that
suited both partners, then find your best stride.
“Tch!”
Eventually, Horikita had to admit defeat. I grabbed her as she
stumbled, then came to a stop. She breathed raggedly.
“This wasn’t about fast or slow. Your practices went wrong because
you didn’t look at your partner,” I told her. Without saying another word, I
untied the cord around our legs. “The important thing is to work with your
partner. How about letting them take the lead?”
“I…”
“Think about it.”
Horikita’s athleticism meant that she needed to discern her partner’s
ability level and then work with it.
I didn’t know whether she would learn and mature. That was up to her.
Kushida Kikyou was the second problem. She was something of a
Page 55
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
supporting character—working backstage, but never taking the spotlight.
Although Hirata and Karuizawa often outshone Kushida, most of our
classmates liked her, which gave her a level of influence even those other two
didn’t have. In addition to Kushida’s exceptional communication skills, she
was both academically and physically gifted, and had been blessed with an
incredible figure. In a sense, her assignment to Class D in the first place was
quite the mystery.
However, I knew about the darkness within her. Not too long after
starting school, I caught her angrily ranting to herself on a secluded rooftop.
And, although I didn’t yet know why, it was a fact that Kushida hated
Horikita.
But both Horikita and Kushida were vital to Class D’s improvement.
Therefore, the only way to resolve the issue was to have them confront one
another.
Page 56
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 57
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Chapter 5:
There’s a Reason for Their Relationship
 
Really, all the spying served little purpose. The key to victory
ultimately lay, not in the opponent’s strength, but in the composition of the
group-event teams. If you didn’t know the names listed in their participation
table, you couldn’t attack other classes strategically.
Of course, the other classes wouldn’t just share that information. If we
managed to acquire a participation table, our odds would improve
dramatically.
There was one exception, and it was the bomb waiting to go off inside
Class D.
Two weeks before the sports festival, I made my move immediately
after school ended for the day. I called to Horikita, who was gathering her
things next to me.
“Hang out with me today.”
“And if I say I don’t want to?”
“You can say whatever you like, but then it won’t be my fault if Class
D gets in trouble.”
“Okay. Fine. What do you want?”
“You’ll understand better if you come with me.” Saying that, I walked
away from Horikita and called out to yet another target. “Kushida, do you
have a minute?”
Kushida was happily chatting with some other girls from our class.
“Hmm? What is it, Ayanokouji-kun?” she asked. She glanced at Horikita,
who seemed slightly uncomfortable.
“Do you have any plans for tomorrow?” I asked. Saturday would be a
day off for Kushida.
“I don’t really have any right now. I was just thinking of cleaning my
room,” Kushida said.
“If it’s okay with you, would you mind giving me some time in the
morning?” I cut right to the chase. If Kushida looked as though she disliked
the idea, I wouldn’t press her.
“Okay,” said Kushida. She smiled, as if to dispel my anxieties. “You
know, it’s really unusual for you to invite me out, Ayanokouji-kun.”
“Yeah, I suppose it is. By the way, Horikita will be coming, too.”
Page 58
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Wait a second,” Horikita started. I motioned to her to stay quiet.
“Okay. I don’t mind, but…why in the morning?” asked Kushida.
“I was just thinking that I wanted to spy on the enemy again, but with
you along—you know, as someone who knows a lot about other classes.
Horikita asked me to help her, but there are lots of things I don’t know.”
I was being mostly honest, though the part about Horikita was
completely made up. I knew Kushida wouldn’t come unless I told her the
truth about what I wanted. Also, I needed her to understand her role.
Kushida nodded. “Yes, I suppose I might be the right person for the
job. Okay. What time were you thinking? The earlier the better, right?”
“Yeah. I was thinking sometime like ten o’clock. Would that be okay?”
“Completely okay. We’ll meet in the dorm lobby tomorrow morning,
then?”
“Sure. Thanks,” I answered.
As she left, Kushida waved at some girls waiting in the hallway, and
they walked together toward the dorms. As I started to head back myself,
Horikita grabbed me.
“What are you planning?”
“Doing a little reconnaissance isn’t a bad thing, wouldn’t you agree?” I
replied.
“I don’t understand the reason for inviting me. If all you’re doing is
spying, then you and Kushida should be enough.”
“Do you really think that?”
“I wouldn’t say something like that as a joke.”
“We’re too visible here. Let’s talk while we walk.”
I took the lead, leaving Horikita behind, and eventually, she followed.
“You remember what happened to your team on the cruise ship?”
“Of course. Everyone discovered our VIP’s identity. A humiliating
outcome,” said Horikita.
“That’s right. It shouldn’t have happened. There is most definitely a
reason why it did,” I replied.
“Yes, but I don’t know why. No matter how hard I try, I just can’t find
the answer. I assume Ryuuen-kun was involved somehow,” mused Horikita.
It sounded as though she’d come to a dead end. Doubts and incomplete
theories, unending and irritating, were probably flooding her mind.
“Well, I don’t have proof, but I have a theory.”
Horikita looked at me as though she were genuinely shocked. “Are you
Page 59
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
saying you’ve figured out Ryuuen-kun’s strategy?”
“Yeah. To be more accurate, it’s not just Ryuuen. One other person
was significantly involved in the outcome on the cruise ship,” I told her.
We reached the main entrance and retrieved our shoes from the rack.
Walking outside, we continued our conversation.
“If you think about it, there was no way the VIP’s identity could have
been discovered. You and Hirata never told anyone else that Kushida was the
VIP. Correct?”
“Of course.”
“But what about Kushida herself? What if she intentionally exposed
her identity?”
“That’s impossible, right? She’d have nothing to gain from that at all,”
answered Horikita.
“You can’t say that for certain. For example, what about making a deal
under the table, in which she tells another party that she’s the VIP in
exchange for private points?”
“Even if that’s possible, it would hurt Class D. And it would be very
risky,” replied Horikita.
“That risk depends on the timing, though. There are many ways to
establish trust,” I answered.
“So, you’re saying that Kushida would betray her allies to gain a few
measly points?”
“Maybe, maybe not. Only Kushida knows.”
That was why I’d invited Kushida. To learn the truth.
“So, you want Kushida and me to come with you to…uncover the
truth?” Horikita finally seemed to suspect that Kushida might have turned
traitor.
“You and Kushida seem to have some kind of connection. A shared
fate, maybe.”
Horikita awkwardly averted her eyes. “Kushida-san and I have no bond
whatsoever,” she replied.
“In that case, can you say with 100 percent confidence that she
wouldn’t betray the class and you?”
“That’s…”
“If you’re uncertain, you should confirm it. If we don’t make sure, it’ll
all be over, won’t it? No matter what the exam, our class has no chance of
winning if there’s a traitor in our midst,” I said.
Page 60
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Before we knew it, we were at the dormitory. We entered the first-floor
elevator and hit the buttons for our floors.
“You’re free to choose whether or not you come tomorrow, but if you
want to lead the class, think about it.”
I got off on the fourth floor, leaving Horikita with those parting words.
Page 61
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
5.1
 
Saturday morning came, and I was in my room, having a fun time
talking about stupid stuff with three other people. Of course, I mostly just
listened to the conversation, only occasionally interjecting to show that I was
following along. Because the basketball club couldn’t use the gymnasium,
Sudou was getting a little R&R today. Me aside, the three idiots were having
a good time. They’d all brought along cups of noodles, and proceeded to pour
hot water in the cups and wait for three minutes.
“Hey, Ayanokouji. What flavor did you get?” Sudou asked.
“Extra-spicy tom yum goong. I didn’t really know what it was like, so I
thought I’d try it.”
“Man, that sounds good. Trade with me, please? I’ll give you my salty
ramen.” He extended his hand toward me, offering me his noodle cup. It had
an illustration of a salted squid on it.
“No thanks.” Why did he buy such unappetizing ramen?
“Hey, Ken. Do you plan on telling Horikita?”
“Huh? The hell is this about?”
“Nothin’. Just curious, dude. That’s all. Right, Haruki?”
“Y-yeah.” Yamauchi gave a forced smile. He’d suffered an honorable
defeat after confessing his love for Sakura over the summer.
“That depends on how the festival goes. If I win, then maybe I can
make a move.”
“Oh. You mean how you wanted to use her first name, right?”
Sudou, determined to take first place across every grade level at any
cost, flexed his biceps. “I mean, there ain’t none of the first years better than
me at sports,” he said.
“Your only real competition’s Kouenji, and he probably won’t take this
seriously.”
I decided to cut in and ask about something that had been on my mind.
“Hey, there’s some student in Class A named Sakayanagi, right? The
disabled girl. Remember her?”
“Oh, that beautiful girl? Yeah, dude, of course I remember her.” Ike
smiled as he rubbed his nose.
“Have you heard rumors about her?”
“Rumors? Like guys she’s been with? Dunno. It’s like…how do I say
Page 62
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
this? She doesn’t really put it out there, you know? I don’t think there’s much
going on that way,” said Ike.
Yamauchi agreed. “From what I’ve heard, people say that she’s the
class leader. She’s really, like, mature, isn’t she?”
Well, it didn’t look as though I would get any valuable information
about Sakayanagi from those two. My phone buzzed, indicating that I’d
received a message. As I checked it, I could feel Ike and Yamauchi’s eyes
upon me. They seemed mistrustful.
“You know, dude, you’ve been getting lots of messages lately. Haven’t
you?” asked Ike.
“Huh? Nah, not really. I mean, isn’t this normal?” I answered
nonchalantly.
The truth of the matter was that I actually had gotten more messages
lately, so the suspicious glint in their eyes only became more pronounced.
“You don’t have a girlfriend, do you?” Yamauchi pressed harder.
“Absolutely not, so relax. Besides, there’s no way I could get a
girlfriend before you guys. Right?”
“I guess that’s true,” Yamauchi replied.
“Look, nobody cares about Ayanokouji being unpopular. Let’s talk
about my future with Suzune,” said Sudou.
“That reminds me. You’re partnering with Horikita in the mixed boy-
and-girl three-legged race, right, Ken?”
“Yeah. And, when we win, we’ll start getting closer. Intimately
closer.”
Just as Sudou launched into a discussion I really couldn’t have cared
less about, my phone buzzed yet again. This time, it was an alarm.
“Sorry, guys. I’ve got plans,” I said.
“Wait, what? We were just getting to the good stuff. Well, fine. I got
Kanji and Haruki here to listen to every single detail,” said Sudou.
I’d been hinting for them to get out of my room…but oh well. Rather
than press the issue, I decided to leave the three idiots where they were, and
go on my way.
Page 63
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
5.2
 
It was just before ten in the morning, the time I’d promised to meet
Kushida. She was already in the lobby.
“Good morning, Ayanokouji-kun,” said Kushida warmly.
“G-good morning, Kushida.” Summer was almost over, so I’d only be
able to see Kushida in her summer clothes for a little while longer. My heart
beat faster at the sight. “Sorry for making such a strange request yesterday.”
“Oh, no, it’s okay. Really. I didn’t have anything planned today.
Besides, this feels kind of nostalgic,” she answered.
“Nostalgic?”
“Well, remember how, during the first semester exams, you asked a
senior student for the previous test questions? I just thought this felt kind of
similar, is all,” she answered.
“Is that so?”
“Yeah.”
I hadn’t considered that memory anything special, but Kushida seemed
pleased by the thought. Honestly, I felt as though this would’ve been easier if
I’d brought Karuizawa or Sakura along, but if you want a job done right, find
the right person to do it. Kushida was absolutely the best person for the job.
More importantly, there was Horikita to deal with. It was almost ten
o’clock, and there still wasn’t any sign of her. Was she backing down from
having to meet with Kushida? Just as I wondered that, though, Horikita
showed up.
“Sorry to have kept you waiting.”
“Good morning, Horikita-san.”
Kushida welcomed Horikita with an unwavering smile. However,
Horikita was apparently in a bad mood. She seemed to be trying to hide that
fact, but it was plain to see. Kushida had to have noticed, but she acted
exactly the same way as she always did.
The three of us left the dormitory and headed toward the athletic
grounds. By ten, the grounds were already filled with students.
“Wow, they’re really going at it!”
Out on the grounds, the thock sound of someone kicking a ball echoed
through the air. The ball curved toward the goalpost. It moved in a beautiful
arc, but was perhaps a bit easy to see coming. The goalie, showing sharp
Page 64
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
reflexes, repelled it with a punch. Hirata was among those playing. Since the
teams consisted of a mixture of students from first year through third year, I
didn’t know everyone.
“I feel kind of like a secret agent, spying on clubs to gain information
about other classes. It’s so exciting, my heart is pounding!” said Kushida.
“It’s not that big a deal. The information we can get here doesn’t
amount to much,” I said.
“But Horikita-san doesn’t think that. Right?”
“Information is invaluable. We don’t know what might be the key to
our victory,” said Horikita.
“That’s true. But it was really kind of you to do this for Horikita-san’s
sake, Ayanokouji-kun,” said Kushida.
“Well, I didn’t exactly have a choice. She would’ve given me grief if I
hadn’t,” I replied.
“I’m impressed that you have the nerve to say that when I’m standing
right here,” said Horikita.
I ignored her terrifying comment and focused my attention on the
sports grounds. It looked as though the players were setting up a corner kick.
The soccer teams casually walked onto the field and got into position before
resuming. We could feel that the game was about to start.
As Kushida grinned, I felt uncomfortable about the three of us hanging
out together like this. Surprisingly enough, the highly agreeable Kushida
decided to drop the pretense first.
“Ayanokouji-kun, you were the one who decided to invite me out
today, weren’t you?”
“Why do you think that?”
“Well, I can’t imagine that Horikita-san would invite me,” replied
Kushida. Still smiling, she briefly looked over at Horikita, then returned her
gaze to me.
“Why can’t you imagine that Horikita would invite you?” I asked.
“Ha ha! You know, you’re kind of an awful person, Ayanokouji-kun.
You understand that things aren’t good between Horikita-san and me, don’t
you?” Kushida spoke frankly. Horikita listened quietly, not attempting to
deny anything.
“To be completely honest, it’s not that I don’t understand it. Rather,
it’s like I half believe it, and half don’t.”
The player in the corner kicked the ball, sending it toward a teammate
Page 65
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
waiting near the goalpost. Hirata skillfully caught it. Seeing that he couldn’t
score a goal if he tried for a shot from right there, he passed the ball to a
teammate, a Class B student we already knew.
The ball sailed into the goal in a brilliant arc.
“So, Shibata’s in the soccer club.”
“Yeah. Hirata-kun says that Shibata-kun is better than he is. It seems
like they’re close,” answered Kushida. As expected, she was especially well-
informed. As the game started back up, Shibata got the ball and quickly wove
through the opposing team.
“He’s fast.” He seemed even faster than Hirata, in terms of speed.
Hirata hadn’t been lying.
“Wow, they’re really going at it! They’re all fired up! This is the best!”
A tall guy in a soccer uniform walked past us.
“Good morning, Nagumo-senpai!” said Kushida.
Apparently, she knew him. Horikita, meanwhile, had a small, nearly
imperceptible reaction. Nagumo was a candidate to become the next student
council president, his abilities on par with her older brother’s.
“Oh? Right, you’re Kikyou-chan. I see you’re on a date. Nice,” said
Nagumo.
“Ha ha! No, it’s not like that. I was just curious, so I came here to
watch,” she replied.
“Great. Enjoy. We don’t really hold back here, so I think this is a good
way to measure our players’ strengths,” said Nagumo.
He winked at Kushida and headed down to meet up with the others.
Apparently, he’d guessed what we were doing. The soccer club seemed
excited when Nagumo joined them.
“Is it okay for someone to be on the student council and in a club?” I
asked.
“It looks like he’s not really in the club anymore,” Kushida replied.
“But even though he quit, he’s still the best player. He shows up to practice
from time to time, to help guide the rest of the team.”
“So, you all set, Nagumo?” asked one of the students.
“Yeah, dude. I overslept, but after running some laps, I’m all warmed
up,” Nagumo replied.
He swapped places with another student, and the game resumed. Both
the ball and other players moved toward Nagumo immediately. He seemed
like a reliable teammate and a dangerous opponent.
Page 66
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Hirata challenged Nagumo and tried to steal the ball. His movements
were as sharp as before, but Nagumo handled him with ease. Shibata charged
at Nagumo, too, but Nagumo feinted several times before slipping past. I’d
thought that both Hirata and Shibata were skilled, but Nagumo was in a
different league.
After running past yet another person, Nagumo took a powerful shot
from midfield. The ball curved past the goalie, and Nagumo scored.
“So, the title of student council president isn’t just for show, huh?”
“He’s just really athletic, that’s all.” Horikita did not intend to
acknowledge Nagumo’s obvious skill.
As I spoke to Horikita, I snuck a glance at Kushida. She was all smiles;
not even a hint of her dark side could be seen.
“When you stare at me like that, it’s embarrassing,” said Kushida. Her
eyes met mine, and she laughed, as though she guessed what I was thinking.
“If I promise not to ask more questions, would you please tell me one
thing?” I asked. Despite Horikita’s presence, I decided to go for it. “Why
don’t you and Horikita like each other?”
“Asking me to tell you something by saying you won’t ask anything
else is unfair,” said Kushida. Maybe my request was psychological
manipulation, but Kushida understood both my tactic and my question. “If I
tell you, that’s it, right?”
“Yeah. I promise.”
“It’s me,” she replied, still watching the game.
Page 67
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 68
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
I hadn’t expected that. So, even though she was at fault for their bad
relationship, she still hated Horikita? That was kind of a contradiction. When
someone hated someone else, they’d normally claim the other person was
wholly at fault.
I was relatively good at observing people, but couldn’t quite read
Kushida. I was starting to think that I understood Horikita a little less, too.
She had known that Kushida hated her from the very beginning, but she
never talked to me about it. However, based on Kushida’s answer, Horikita
might know the cause of the girl’s hatred.
Of course, if I asked, Horikita probably wouldn’t tell me. Why is that?
I wondered. Was there something that they each didn’t want the other to
know?
“I get the feeling that just thinking about this is a waste of time,” I
huffed.
“Yeah. I suppose so. Our priority right now is to spy and gather
information anyway, right?” asked Kushida.
“I guess.” I shrugged.
“The player handling the ball right now is Sonoda-kun from Class C.
He’s quite fast, isn’t he?” mused Kushida.
All the students in the soccer club were nimble. The only ones from
our class who could probably hold their own were Sudou and Hirata, but
even they’d be hard-pressed to keep up.
“But Horikita-san is thinking about our class as a whole. That makes
me happy,” said Kushida.
“I aim to do whatever is necessary to reach Class C, so I’ve no other
choice,” replied Horikita.
After a while, the soccer players took a break. Nagumo called to
Hirata. Then, perhaps because he realized we’d been watching, Hirata
approached us.
“Good morning. It’s unusual to see you here,” he said.
Shibata, who’d seen us all from a distance, came running over as well.
That created a rather unusual little five-person group.
“Good morning, Kikyou-chan. Oh, and…Ayanokouji and Horikita-
chan, right? Ayanokouji, are you on a date with these two beautiful girls?”
asked Shibata.
“No, it’s not like that.”
Shibata and I were acquainted, but I hadn’t known that he remembered
Page 69
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
my name. That made me kind of happy, though I kept from grinning.
“So, what’s up? This is an odd gathering,” Hirata said.
I boldly decided to tell him the truth. “We’re spying. We’ve come to
identify students from other classes whom we think we should watch out
for.”
“Ah. So, that means you’ve noticed Shibata Man already, huh?”
Shibata had made no attempt to hide his true athletic abilities. I
wondered if that was because he was in Class B, under Ichinose’s leadership,
or just because that was his personality.
“Shibata-kun really is fast, just like the rumors say,” replied Kushida.
“Ayanokouji-kun and I were shocked.”
At being complimented by a cute girl, Shibata bashfully rubbed his
nose with his index finger.
“We need to be especially wary of Shibata-kun. He’s the fastest in
Class B. Personally, I’d rather not compete against him,” said Hirata.
“Don’t sell yourself short, Yousuke. You’re really fast, too. How about
you, Ayanokouji?” Shibata asked.
“I’m a member of the go-home-and-do-nothing club,” I replied.
Shibata crossed his arms and laughed.
We left soon afterward, on the pretext of checking out other club
activities; that was just a cover. There was something else I wanted to know,
and I had set the stage for it. How it would play out…well, that was up to the
two girls.
“You bore me, Kushida-san,” said Horikita.
“Wow, that’s pretty harsh,” Kushida replied.
“But I have to ask you something,” Horikita continued.
“Between you and Ayanokouji-kun, I’m getting a lot of questions.
Okay, what is it?”
“During the cruise ship exam, did you tell Ryuuen-kun or Katsuragi-
kun that you were the VIP?”
I’d expected Horikita to ask in a straightforward way, but she really cut
straight to the heart of the matter. Kushida looked shocked, but Horikita kept
talking.
“It’s fine if you don’t answer. It’s meaningless to dig up the past.
That’s why there’s only one question I find important. Can I trust you to be
our class’s ally from this point on?” asked Horikita.
“Of course. I want to get to Class A, alongside everyone from Class D.
Page 70
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
That’s what I’ve said from the very beginning,” said Kushida. “I don’t know
why you’d ask something like that, but I want you to trust me.”
Though Kushida smiled at Horikita, she looked very serious.
“Well then, I’m heading back. I’ll leave the rest of the reconnaissance
to you two,” I said.
“Huh? What are you saying, Ayanokouji-kun?”
“Horikita came up with this strategy in the first place. If you have
Kushida’s extensive network and connections at your disposal, you should be
fine. Right?” I asked.
With that, I left.
Page 71
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
5.3
 
With everyone working hard, the days passed quickly. Finally, only
one week was left until the sports festival. We needed to decide who would
participate in each competition and submit our participation table before the
day finished. While Hirata stood at the podium, Kushida faced the blackboard
with chalk in hand to record the preparations.
“Without further ado, let’s decide on the entries,” said Hirata.
To choose the order for our winning strategy, Hirata consulted his
notes, which contained aggregate results of our entire class’s daily records.
We had written down the order, everyone’s roles, and the competitions they’d
enter. Not a single student objected to Hirata’s results, which were based on
hard data and clear testing of people’s abilities. Everything proceeded
without a hitch.
“Okay. For the final event, the 1200-meter relay, Sudou will be our
anchor.”
“That seems fair.”
I was impressed by how Hirata managed to respect everybody’s
individual wishes while also taking everyone’s abilities into account. In the
relay, the final event, the star players would be the fastest students, like
Horikita. No one could have come up with a more ideal lineup.
However, Horikita—who sat next to me—continued to stare at the
blackboard with an unconvinced expression. Immediately after the discussion
ended, she stood up. While I wondered where this was going, she went right
to Sudou.
“What’s up?” he asked.
“I want to talk to you about something. Can you come with me?”
Horikita replied.
“S-sure.” Sudou hurriedly stood straight up at Horikita’s command.
“Oh, Hirata-kun. Can I also have a moment of your time?”
Sudou, whose heart must have been pounding for a moment,
immediately looked disappointed.
“I want to discuss the participation table we decided on earlier. I’d like
you to give me the anchor position in the 1200-meter relay at the end of the
festival,” said Horikita.
Sudou looked confused. “But, well…the anchor position is normally
Page 72
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
for the fastest person, right? Do ya feel uneasy having me as the anchor?”
“No, that’s not it. I know your abilities from seeing you practice,” said
Horikita.
“Okay. So, I can handle it, right? I mean, if the anchor is the fifth
runner, then—”
“I have my reasons. You’re good with the starting dash, right, Sudou-
kun? I think that having you breeze past our opponents as the first runner is a
viable strategy. Starting with the second runner, we’ll allow everyone to take
the lane they like on a first-come-first-served basis. In the event that we’re
overtaken, the rules state that, from the second runner onward, we’re allowed
to use the outer lanes to overtake other runners,” Horikita explained.
“But…” Sudou didn’t appear convinced.
It was certainly true that, if Sudou did well at the starting dash, the rest
of our relay team from the second runner onward would have an easier time.
However, if we used up Sudou’s turn right at the start of the relay, our later
runners would be under pressure if the competition closed the gap. On the
other hand, Sudou could provide a burst of power in the relay’s final leg as
the anchor. If there were targets for him to chase, he’d be all the more spurred
on to win.
“It’s just, y’know, the anchor position goes to the fastest team
member.”
“This school is a meritocracy. Let’s not make choices based on
assumptions or preconceived notions. The other classes will be coming up
with various strategies as well,” Horikita reasoned.
I understood her logic, but I felt as though she was pushing a bit too
hard. It didn’t make much difference who the anchor was; both she and
Sudou were sure to perform well. That meant there was another reason
Horikita wanted to be anchor.
“I’ll definitely produce better results than I’ve gotten in practice,”
Horikita asserted.
“I ain’t convinced. This ain’t like you, Horikita,” said Sudou.
“Excuse me. Is it okay for me to chime in?” Kushida hesitantly entered
the conversation. “Uh, I’m sorry. I just think maybe there’s some other
reason Horikita-san wants to be anchor.”
“That’s—”
“In that case, Horikita, would you mind telling us why? If you have a
request, Sudou and I will take that very seriously. But if we’re changing the
Page 73
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
order that everyone decided as a class, I need more information,” said Hirata.
“I agree with Hirata. We need a reason,” said Sudou.
Horikita wore a complicated expression. “It’s because I think my
brother…is an anchor,” she said quietly.
“Your brother? The student council president?”
“Yes. That’s my brother.”
Everyone knew the student council president, but not everyone had
made the connection that he and Horikita were related. Theirs was by no
means an uncommon family name. They also didn’t really look that much
alike. Everybody seemed surprised by Horikita’s statement.
“So, you want to be an anchor with your brother? Is that it?” Kushida
didn’t seem as though she fully understood. I decided to cut in and give
Horikita a little help.
“Some stuff happened. I guess Horikita and her brother aren’t really on
speaking terms. She probably wants this opportunity to patch things up with
him,” I offered.
It wasn’t exactly the truth, but it wasn’t a lie, either. Horikita glared at
me for an instant, since I had eavesdropped on her conversation, but
immediately looked back to Sudou and the others.
“I was wondering what the matter was. So, that’s it, huh? Well, to be
honest, I do still want the anchor position. But if that’s the way you feel, then
I don’t mind handin’ it over to you,” said Sudou.
“I think it’s fine, too. If Sudou-kun is satisfied, then everyone else will
be too, right?” Kushida added.
“Right. Sounds good. Well, I’ll submit our list after I swap Horikita-
san and Sudou-kun’s places. Is that okay?” asked Hirata.
“Thank you,” said Horikita quietly.
Page 74
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 75
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Chapter 6:
The Curtains Rise
 
At last, the day had come. The curtains were about to rise on the
sports festival, and it looked to be a long day. The entire student body, all
wearing their jerseys, marched together as one. Well, we called it a march,
but most people just strolled along, taking the movement just seriously
enough not to disrupt the order.
“All right, time to really show off for Kikyou-chan!” shouted Ike as he
walked directly behind me.
How did he plan to show off when he was bad at sports? The guy was
all bark and no bite.
Fujimaki, from the third-year Class A, gave a speech during the
opening ceremony. Although there weren’t many, a number of spectators
watched from the school grounds’ outskirts. They were probably adults who
worked on campus. The school didn’t seem to have put any strict restrictions
in place regarding who could attend the festival. Occasionally, one of the
spectators smiled or waved.
Meanwhile, the teachers themselves watched us without the vaguest
hint of smiles. Medical personnel could also be seen setting up some kind of
cottage. It could fit around twenty people and was equipped with an air
conditioner and water cooler. The school’s preparations were as meticulous
as they had been on the deserted island. They provided tents for the Red
Team and White Team; these faced each other on opposite sides of the track.
The school didn’t want the teams mingling with each other, except during
competitions.
The first event of the festival was the 100-meter dash, and I saw that a
camera had been installed and pointed toward the finish line. The line
between victory and defeat could come down to a hair’s breadth in
competitions like these.
Page 76
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
6.1
 
“What group are you in for the 100-meter dash, again?” Horikita
asked.
“Seventh,” I answered, looking over at the program table, which had
the participation order and schedule.
“Hopefully no one exceptionally good turns up. I’ll be cheering you on
for the class’s sake.”
“I’ll do my best not to come in last, then,” I replied.
With that unambitious goal, I headed to the track with the rest of the
first-year boys. The festival ordered events such as the 100-meter dash by
grade level, starting with the first-year boys and ending with the third-year
girls. Then there’d be a break, after which the order would switch. We’d
resume competitions in the opposite direction, starting with third-year girls
and ending with first-year boys.
The competition was about to start. Now we’d finally learn who would
run from which class, and in what order. The first-year boys formed ten
groups in total; mine was seventh. Each group contained eight people, two
from each class. Sudou was in the first group.
All of Class D watched, holding their breath. This festival’s outcome
depended greatly upon Sudou. If we won this race, everyone on our team
could use that momentum to get hyped. If Sudou did poorly, it would
probably put a dent in our spirits.
“From my point of view, nobody here’s really that big a deal. I see lots
of fatties and twigs. Sudou’s got first place covered!” shouted Ike.
I couldn’t see any students of note from the other three classes in
Sudou’s group. Like Ike had said, Sudou’s victory was probably assured.
“Then again, depending on how you look at it, this could be a big loss
for us.”
Something about seeing Sudou hunched and ready at the starting line
inspired feelings of absolute confidence. Even if he did happen to take a spill
in the middle of the race, he’d still be all right. He could do this.
As soon as the signal sounded, Sudou shot forward like a bullet. He
quickly outran all the other boys, leaving them in the dust. He reached the
goal with such an overwhelming lead that no one else came anywhere close.
He won by a landslide.
Page 77
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
While everyone watched, Sudou took first place, as anticipated.
Meanwhile, the Professor—the second Class D student in the first group—
managed to come in last. We’d anticipated that, too.
The signal to start the next race came right away, without any time to
bask in the afterglow. The signals came at about twenty-second intervals,
which meant that it would take four minutes for all the first-year boys to
finish running. This event would repeat for all the boys and girls in all three
grade levels, which meant that the 100-meter dash should finish in about
thirty minutes.
“Just as we’d expect from Sudou-kun.” Hirata seemed genuinely
impressed.
“Yeah. Feels like the other classes were pretty dumbstruck, too.”
We, the seventh group, also had our roles to play. Hirata, who
belonged to the soccer club and was a fast runner, was sure to place high. I’d
take a spot at least one place after him, so there was really nothing to be
anxious about. It was just a question of how to stand out while remaining
inconspicuous.
There were several students from other classes to be wary of. I
wondered which groups had athletic students like Kanzaki and Shibata, and
which boasted students with a strong presence like Ryuuen or Katsuragi. The
third group hurried to the starting line.
“Oh, Baldy’s—I mean, Katsuragi’s—in the first lane,” said Ike,
pointing at Katsuragi’s head.
Sunlight shone on Katsuragi’s scalp, lending it a brilliant sheen. Next
to him, I saw another guy I knew: Kanzaki from Class B. So, Katsuragi and
Kanzaki would be competing against each other, huh?
Kouenji was also supposed to be in the third group, but there was no
sign of him in Lane 5, which he’d been assigned. No one from the school
bothered to search for him. They just marked it as an absence and
immediately started the race.
I thought that the third group would be a close match, but Kanzaki was
fastest. Katsuragi was by no means slow, just outclassed. The race ended
without much fuss. Kanzaki took first place and Katsuragi third. As the races
continued, Hirata noticed something.
“Ayanokouji-kun. There,” he said, gesturing at the temporary cottage
that had been erected.
When I strained my eyes to look, I saw Kouenji inside, fussing with his
Page 78
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
hair.
“Apparently, he’s not participating.”
Kouenji had cooperated all the way up until the opening ceremonies,
but in the end, it appeared that he planned to bow out of the competitions. His
absence weighed heavily on both our class and the Red Team. Class A had
Sakayanagi, who also wouldn’t participate in any events, but at least she had
a valid reason.
If Classes B and C had no absentees, the Red Team would need to
make up for their two missing members. That was quite the handicap.
The rest of the competition progressed smoothly, and soon it was time
for the seventh group. I went and stood in Lane 4, with Hirata next to me in
Lane 5. There was also Yahiko, from Class A, but the rest of the competitors
were guys I wasn’t familiar with.
This was the first sports festival of my life. I started off with a medium
dash, neither fast nor slow. Hirata slowly but surely passed me and joined the
top runners. I saw four people’s backs in front of me, which meant that I was
in fifth.
Because there wasn’t a huge difference in speed between us, we all
kind of clustered together. As we continued to run, our order didn’t change.
In the end, I finished in fifth place. Hirata narrowly took the top spot.
“Whew. Good job,” he said, taking a deep breath.
“Sorry. I dragged us down,” I replied.
“That’s not true. Everyone was fast. It was a good race,” said Hirata.
Despite my disappointing results, he didn’t blame me at all. Instead, he
gave me a smile.
We hurried off the track and headed over to the tent. The next group
would be starting, and we were in the way. After the first-year boys finished
running the 100-meter dash, they returned to their seats and focused on
watching the girls with a predatory intensity. They cared about the race’s
outcome, of course, but they also just wanted to watch the girls run.
“Where’s Sudou?” I asked. He should have returned to his seat by now.
“Who knows? Maybe the toilet? Dude, we’ve got more important
things to look at. Check out those jiggling boobs, man, those boobs!” said the
chipper Ike.
I immediately had a bad feeling about Sudou’s absence. He should
have been cheering Horikita on, so his disappearance was strange.
I looked over toward the cottage to see that my intuition was correct.
Page 79
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Sudou was approaching Kouenji.
“This isn’t good. I need to stop them,” I said.
“Yeah,” replied Hirata.
Hirata and I ran toward the cottage, where things were apparently
already heating up. His hand balled tightly into a fist, Sudou confronted
Kouenji. “Hey, you. What’s the big idea, sitting this out?! Don’t disregard the
rest of us, jerk!”
Kouenji didn’t seem to notice that Sudou was even there. He just kept
admiring his own reflection in the window, which only made Sudou angrier.
“Looks like you ain’t gonna understand unless I beat you up, Kouenji,”
Sudou growled.
“No. You can’t do that, Sudou-kun. If the teachers find out—” Hirata
tried to stop them, but Sudou wasn’t the kind of guy to be deterred.
“I don’t care. This is a class problem, right? It don’t even matter if I
beat him up, long as this punk doesn’t go crying to the teachers,” said Sudou.
“You’re quite foul, aren’t you? I came here to enjoy some me time.
Alone. As you can see, I’m feeling quite ill today. I decided to withdraw so
that I wouldn’t be a burden,” said Kouenji.
“Don’t give me that bull crap! If this was just practice, that’d be one
thing, but you’re skipping out on the actual event!”
I understood why Sudou was shouting. Kouenji looked to be in perfect
health.
“No. Don’t, Sudou-kun!” Hirata panicked. But before he could
intervene, Sudou threw a punch. He probably intended to knock sense into
Kouenji, but Kouenji stopped the blow, catching the other boy’s fist in his
palm.
A dull slap echoed through the cottage.
“Stop. You cannot hope to beat me.” Kouenji didn’t even look at
Sudou as he spoke.
Sudou hadn’t held back with that blow. Now that the other boy had
blocked it easily, he had to realize Kouenji’s real strength, but that only
seemed to fire him up even more. “Bring it on. I’ll smash in your nose,”
Sudou growled.
“Goodness. Both you and that girl seem to consider me unreliable,”
replied Kouenji.
“‘That girl?’ Who?”
“That cold girl who’s so inflamed your passion. She’s been telling me
Page 80
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
over and over that she wants me to seriously participate in the sports
festival.”
“Horikita?”
“In any case, leave now. I’m not feeling well,” said Kouenji, waving us
away.
“You jerk!”
To prevent a second punch from flying, Hirata stepped between Sudou
and Kouenji. “Let’s all just calm down a little. Kouenji-kun’s attitude is a
problem, but if he says he’s not feeling well, then he has the right to rest.
Besides, violence is bad, no matter the circumstances.”
“But he’s definitely lying! He said the same thing back on the island,”
said Sudou.
“That is a baseless accusation. My proud carriage serves to disguise
how poor my health is,” said Kouenji.
“So, you’re planning on skipping the rest of the competitions, too,
huh?”
“If I recover, I will of course participate. If I recover,” replied Kouenji.
“The next competition is about to begin, Sudou-kun. As our leader,
your absence impacts our morale,” said Hirata, switching tactics.
“Fine. I’ll head on back,” groused Sudou.
“Thank you,” said Hirata. He escorted Sudou from the cottage, and I
followed a little way behind. We made it to the Red Team tent, where Sudou
sat back down, clearly still irritated.
“Damn! Next time, I’m seriously going to punch that jerk,” he huffed.
His anger, rather than dissipating, only continued to swell. In keeping
with the adage that “a wise man keeps away from danger,” people started
giving him a wide berth.
Ike, however, was too engrossed in the girls’ race to notice Sudou’s
frustration. Before I knew it, the girls’ 100-meter dash was nearly over. The
final group had just entered the track.
“What are you doing, Ken? The girl you like is about to start, dude!”
Ike cheerfully slapped Sudou on the back. Sudou grabbed his arm and forced
Ike into a headlock.
“Gah! Dude, the hell?!”
“Stress relief,” said Sudou.
“Ouch, ouch, ouch! I give, I give!” shouted Ike.
It was a pitiful sight, but taking his anger out on Ike seemed to help
Page 81
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Sudou. As Horikita’s race began, he calmed down a little. If that was all it
took to heal him, then I’d let him heal.
As I watched Sudou, Sakura appeared next to me, completely out of
breath.
“Ahh…ahh…! I-It hurts…”
She must’ve used up all her energy when she ran. She was breathing
very deeply, as though she was in a lot of pain.
“W-were you watching me, Ayanokouji-kun?” she asked.
She looked up at me, her eyes sparkling behind her glasses.
Unfortunately, Sakura’s race took place while I was chasing Sudou, so I
hadn’t seen a thing. Of course, if I told her that, she’d probably be really sad.
“You did well,” I said.
My response was brief, but true. One fact that I could be absolutely
certain of was that Sakura definitely gave everything she had.
“Th-thank you! This is the first time I didn’t come in dead last.” She
beamed.
Page 82
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 83
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Whenever we’d practiced, Sakura was always the slowest out of
everyone by far. It seemed that she’d finally beaten someone else—because
of her own hard work, too, not an opponent’s mistake.
“Just don’t push yourself too hard. You might hurt yourself,” I said.
“O-okay!” she replied with a smile.
Sakura stood beside me, still breathing heavily, and looked over at the
next race. I focused on the other girls who would run against Horikita. In the
third lane was Ibuki Mio, a Class C student. Horikita was in the same group
as her most bitter rival. What a bizarre coincidence.
Horikita didn’t even look at Ibuki, but Ibuki wore a furious expression,
as though fire shot from her eyes. She was determined never to lose to
Horikita, no matter what.
“Hey, I wonder if Ibuki-chan’s good at sports?” the other boys
speculated.
“Hell if I know. All I know is Horikita’s gonna win, no doubt.”
They didn’t realize that Ibuki was highly athletic. Personally, I couldn’t
say for certain who would win.
When the signal sounded, seven of the girls launched themselves
forward. Between the two I focused on, Ibuki had the better start. Horikita’s
reaction was slightly delayed, so she lagged behind the rest of the group.
However, she immediately picked up the pace and began to catch up to Ibuki,
who seemed distracted. She glanced behind, perhaps curious about Horikita,
and the distance between them closed. Ibuki remained stuck in the middle of
the group, neither increasing nor decreasing her distance from Horikita.
As they neared the end of the race, Ibuki’s expression stiffened. She
and Horikita were neck and neck, running side by side. Horikita, looking
quite pleased with herself, managed to nudge ahead of Ibuki by a narrow
margin.
Ibuki ran harder, fighting to close the distance between herself and
Horikita, but Horikita managed to cross the finish line first. After an
incredible race like that, everyone erupted into cheers.
Ibuki kicked the ground in frustration. I got the feeling that if she
hadn’t been so concerned about Horikita, the race results would have been
different. Her hyperawareness was the reason Horikita won.
“Those two completely outran everyone else,” said Sudou.
After the first-year students’ 100-meter dash ended, we went to check
the results. Athletic people like Sudou, Horikita, and Hirata had taken first
Page 84
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
place, as expected. However, the mid-tier students we’d hoped would do well
hadn’t performed so great after all.
“Come on. Get it together, everyone. Especially you! Your speed’s the
only thing you’re proud of, right?” said Sudou.
“Y-yeah, but that Shibata dude’s just too good, man.”
“Nothing we can do about it. Shibata-kun’s even faster than me, after
all,” said Hirata. That was true. I’d seen it during club practice.
Even though we’d gotten off to a good start overall, tracking our scores
would get more complicated from here. No notebooks or phones were
allowed, and though we could talk to one another about the results, we
couldn’t know what the other classes were planning.
I approached Horikita, who’d just gotten back.
“That was close,” I said.
“Yes, I suppose. Ibuki was faster than I expected,” said Horikita. She
breathed a sigh of relief.
“So, you reached out to Kouenji,” I said.
“Who told you that? Well…it seems like it was meaningless anyway.”
Horikita looked over toward Kouenji’s little hideaway cottage. “I was
worried he’d skip out on the competitions, and that’s exactly what
happened.”
“It seems like he doesn’t care about reaching Class A.”
“Maybe if I was popular like Kushida, I could have gotten to him.”
“I don’t know about that. I don’t think he’s the type to listen to
Kushida, or even Hirata,” I replied. Then again, those two wouldn’t have
tried to berate Kouenji in the first place. Even though Kouenji was clearly
lying about his illness, they wouldn’t have called him a liar to his face.
“To think you’d wish you could be more like Kushida,” I chided.
“I never hated her or anything.” Horikita realized that she’d slipped up,
and immediately clamped her mouth shut. “You didn’t hear that,” she added.
With that, she marched off to watch the third-year students’ races,
which would start soon. She was concerned for our class, but most likely also
worried about her brother. Of course, it wasn’t as though her brother, the
student council president, cared about his little sister’s feelings in the
slightest.
Horikita’s older brother, as part of the second group to race, naturally
took first place.
“He’s just as fast as I imagined,” I said.
Page 85
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“That’s because my brother is perfect. No matter what he does, he’s
always number one,” Horikita answered. She wasn’t bragging. She said it as
if it were a simple fact.
After each grade level finished the 100-meter dash, the final results
were tallied. The first round of points for the Red and White teams were
announced.
Red Team: 2011 points. White Team: 1891 points.
The competition had just begun, but the Red Team was slightly ahead.
Page 86
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
6.2
 
The hurdle race came next. It was like the 100-meter dash in that it
was based on speed. However, you also needed to clear hurdles while
running. If you knocked down or touched a hurdle, your time was penalized.
If you knocked the hurdle down, the penalty was 0.5 seconds. If you only
touched it, 0.3 seconds. There were ten hurdles in all, placed at ten-meter
intervals. If you knocked them all down, you’d have five seconds added to
your time. It’d be completely hopeless.
Sudou was starting in this competition’s final group. “If you guys place
last, I’m gonna slap you,” he said.
The unathletic students trembled at the pressure.
“Dude, what kinda tyrant are you?”
“Hey, um, is Sotomura-kun here? If he’s absent, he’ll be disqualified,”
said the referee.
“R-regrettably, it would appear that my stomach is upset. Would it be
permissible for me to take an absence?” asked the Professor. He’d just barely
cleared the hurdles during practice, and looked as though he was chickening
out.
“Huh? Dude, it’s fine if you knock all the hurdles down. Finish the
race at any cost!” shouted Sudou. He stuck his face close to the Professor’s
and glared.
“Egad! O-okay, I will!” shouted the Professor.
There was a significant difference between coming in last and being
disqualified. If you were disqualified, you wouldn’t get even one point.
Participation was vital.
In the end, the Professor didn’t clear any hurdles. He knocked them all
over and finished in last place. “Ugh, he’s useless. It’s ’cause he just sits
around on his butt that he’s so fat,” grumbled Sudou. “Still, that Shibata guy
is pretty good.”
Shibata had come in first without much difficulty, and was shaping up
to be Sudou’s main rival. Furthermore, like Ichinose, his leadership qualities
made others rally around him. If Shibata kept this up, Sudou’s goal of being
first out of every student across every grade level would become a distant
dream, especially since no one knew what the team competition results would
be. It was concerning.
Page 87
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Next up is the fourth group. Please get ready,” said the referee.
I got into the same lane as before, and saw Kanzaki standing in the
second lane.
“We meet again,” said Kanzaki.
“Go easy on me,” I told him.
“Ichinose says you’re pretty fast,” he replied.
I didn’t know where Ichinose had gotten that idea. Then again, back
during the incident with Sakura’s stalker, she might have seen me running.
Apparently, she paid close attention.
“Didn’t you see my ranking in the 100-meter dash earlier? I got fifth.”
“It didn’t seem to me that you were taking the race seriously,” Kanzaki
replied.
“There’s no advantage to gain from holding back, right? You just
lose,” I responded.
“When you think of it as a strategy, it’s not completely meaningless,”
he said flatly.
Apparently, Ichinose and Class B really did their homework. They
didn’t just know my ranking; they also understood my thought process.
“You know, you’re really calm for a high schooler,” Kanzaki added.
“It’s scary.”
“Well, feel free to judge me however you want.”
A boy from Class C got between us, cutting our chat short. With the
exception of Kanzaki, I didn’t really know anyone in the fourth group, which
meant that I didn’t know how fast the other competitors were. If my ranking
rose even a little bit, it could be bad.
When the signal came, I started running about as fast as I had before.
Kanzaki overtook me, but because only one other student got in front of me, I
ultimately ended up winning a fairly respectable third place. There were a lot
of variables to consider, but for better or worse, I’d been able to maintain my
inconspicuous position. I walked back to camp.
“Aah, jeez. I can’t keep up,” groaned Yukimura.
He was grumbling to himself, seeming downtrodden. From the looks of
things, he hadn’t gotten good results during his second event.
“That bad, huh?” I asked.
“Ayanokouji? Agh, I’ve been cursed. Seventh and seventh,” he
grumbled. Twice a consolation prize winner, huh? That was pretty rough.
“It all depends on your mindset, Yukimura. Even if you fail here, you
Page 88
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
can ace the written tests. Right?” I replied.
“I won’t fail, but my scores will plummet. Besides, I’ll drag down my
class and my team,” said Yukimura.
Since Yukimura wanted to make it into Class A more than anyone else,
he also felt the burden of responsibility more intensely than anyone. And
because he normally criticized students with low academic ability, like
Sudou, he was probably reluctant to show any weakness here.
I didn’t want to say the wrong thing, so I decided to give Yukimura
space, and focused on the girls’ hurdle races instead. Two people I knew
were running in the first race: Horikita and Sakura. Horikita, who expected to
win, didn’t seem to feel any pressure. On the other hand, as bad as it sounded,
we had zero expectations for Sakura. She appeared to be trembling.
“Hey, um, Horikita-san. This matchup isn’t very good, don’t you
think?” said Hirata.
“Really?” replied Horikita.
“Class C’s fastest students are Yajima-san and Kinoshita-san from the
track and field club. They’re both in your group,” said Hirata.
“I see.”
“Winning might be difficult.”
Hirata turned out to be right. Horikita threw everything she had into the
race, but the two from Class C got ahead of her, and she ended in third place.
After the race finished, Hirata looked over at me. I could tell that he felt
uneasy about the way the composition of Horikita’s group had turned out.
Page 89
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
6.3
 
The next competition was capture the flag. Though simple, it was
still a fierce and slightly dangerous event.
“All right. We’re definitely winning this one, guys. Since that moron
Kouenji ain’t here, we’ve gotta get that much more fired up!” shouted Sudou.
He was trying to inspire the Class A and D guys assembled in front of
him. They were facing off against the guys from Class B, led by Kanzaki and
Shibata, and from Class C, led by Ryuuen. Some particularly formidable-
looking Class C students were in that group, although we didn’t know them.
There were Sakazaki and Komiya, two students who had been involved in
that fight with Sudou a while back. There was also a large, brawny half-
Japanese and half-black student named Yamada. I’d seen him around school
on occasion, and wondered just how strong he really was.
Well, there was nothing to do but fight with everything we had.
According to the game rules, the group that made two captures would win.
During their earlier discussion, Katsuragi and Hirata had decided that our
classes would swap back and forth between offense and defense. Class D
would be on the offensive first, while Class A would protect the flag. If we
successfully got a head start, we’d prioritize keeping that momentum and
continue with our roles.
“Well, don’t worry. I’ll beat our enemies to a pulp single-handed,” said
Sudou.
“Uh, but aren’t you supposed to go after the flag?” I was getting a little
worried.
“Can’t make any promises. I’m all pissed off, thanks to Kouenji. Grr,”
Sudou growled.
He flipped the other team off, not even trying to hide his hostility.
“Better keep my distance,” Ike muttered.
The offensive team (mainly Sudou, though) waited impatiently,
standing at the ready. On the other hand, the defensive team—consisting of
Katsuragi and the others—checked the status of their formation several times
over, making sure to establish a solid defense.
Blatant violence, like punching and kicking, was naturally prohibited.
However, the school would overlook a certain degree of roughhousing.
Pushing, grabbing, and such were expected.
Page 90
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Ugh. I’m starting to feel a little scared. This is the first time I’ve
played capture the flag.”
“Wait. Didn’t you have it in a junior-high sports festival or
something?”
“No one ever told me that it was gonna be dangerous! Have you played
this game before, Ayanokouji?”
“Nope. This is a first for me, too,” I replied.
“The hell, dude? A first for you, too?”
While we talked, the signal went off. Sudou charged in headfirst, ahead
of everyone else. Soon the more assertive players followed right after him.
“Dude, this is bad! Let’s go, Ayanokouji! I really don’t want Sudou to
kill me for trying to skip out!” Ike wailed.
The less-aggressive students included Ike, Yukimura, and myself. We
slowly brought up the rear. Like us, the B and C group had neatly divided
their forces between offense and defense. It looked as though Class B was
defending the flag in the first round. They waited for us up ahead.
It was forbidden for an attacking team to come into contact with the
other side’s attacking team. The rules stated that the offense had to focus as
much as possible on capturing the flag.
“Anyone who wants to die, bring it!” Sudou drove right into the
opponents’ defensive line. Using his height, and a level of power
unimaginable for a first-year high schooler, he tore through the students
around the flag, one after another.
“Stop him! Stop Sudou!” shouted someone from Class B. A number of
students on the defending team surrounded Sudou.
“Hey, you guys. Come quick! Here, I’ll clear the way!” yelled Sudou,
not even looking back while he shouted instructions to his advancing allies.
Of course, it wasn’t that simple. As the situation grew increasingly chaotic,
the players kicked up dust to cloud the air. I decided to make myself as
useless and inoffensive as possible, and relied on the Class B students to
overcome the situation.
“Shit. Just how many of you are gonna come after me?!”
Three or four guys pushed up against Sudou, managing to overpower
him. The advancing group got cut off just as they were on the brink of
breaking through. Class D’s problem was that, despite Sudou’s offensive and
penetrative powers, no one else could claim to be particularly strong.
Students who were especially unaggressive, like the Professor and me,
Page 91
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
inevitably became a weak link in our offense. In contrast, many Class B
students had above-average strength.
“Dude. This is bad, Ken! Class A! That one half-Japanese guy,
Yamada or whatever, he’s going on a rampage!”
“Huh?!”
Sudou turned around to look. The Red Team’s flag, which Class A had
been protecting, looked slightly askew. Class C was full of violent people
like Sudou. Actually, it was full of students who were almost martial artists,
in a way. It was pretty clear who held the advantage.
We needed to do something. But four or five people blocked Sudou—
our side’s crucial player—so he was helpless. We were completely locked
down. Sudou desperately tried to race for the flag, but unfortunately, the
whistle blew. In the end, the White Team managed to get the first point.
“Ah, come on! What are you guys even doing?! C’mon, fight like your
lives depend on it!” shouted Sudou.
“Dude, you telling us that doesn’t help. It’s just, like, those guys are
really strong, you know? Ouch! Uh, I got a scrape, man.”
“Come on, it’s just a scratch! Grit your teeth and man up. I don’t care
what you do. Bite, kick ’em in the knees, but do something to fight back,
man! You’re useless!” shouted Sudou.
I understood how he felt, but either of those actions could be
considered foul play, and a way to get expelled in one go.
“There’s no use complaining. They won the first round. Next time,
let’s make sure to protect our flag properly,” said Hirata, gently patting
Sudou on the shoulder.
“Tch. All right, this time we’re definitely gonna protect our flag. Right,
everyone?!”
“Y-yeah, we got it. We’ll do whatever we can.”
“No, don’t just ‘do whatever you can.’ We’re definitely protecting it,
for sure. Even if it’s for an hour—or two hours!”
Class D also lacked things like unity and motivation. Meanwhile, Class
B was completely united. The students were highly motivated, so they made
formidable foes.
“Ayanokouji, don’t let the flag go down, even if you die! Even if it’s
just a joke, you’re still number two in the class!” said Sudou.
Apparently, ranking right below Sudou in terms of strength meant that
I needed to protect the flag alongside him. I couldn’t slack off with him
Page 92
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
watching.
“All right, no screwing around! We can’t let ’em get another win! I’m
gonna send that jerk Ryuuen flying!”
During the first round, Ryuuen had been on the attacking team.
However, he had really just stayed back and observed, probably because they
were already dominating our side. Sudou likely hated that.
“All right. Come on and attack, C. Come and attack us, C,” Sudou
muttered.
He could mutter all he liked, but if Class C assembled and launched an
attack, we’d be in trouble. It would be better for us if Class B went on the
offense. The second round was about to begin. Then, sure enough…
“They’re coming! They’re coming, they’re coming!”
Apparently, things were progressing exactly as Sudou wished. The
powerful Class C students geared up to launch their attack, Ryuuen laughing
fearlessly from the rear. As if he were a general commanding his troops in
battle, he gave the order to charge.
Students who looked as big and brawny as Sudou rushed us headfirst.
The Class D students screamed. Our outer wall of defense was rapidly
crumbling.
“Stand! Grab their legs and pull them down!” Our opponents’ angry
roars drowned out Sudou’s words of encouragement.
The Class C students repeatedly used elbow strikes, which were nearly
foul play. In practically no time at all, they broke through to the center.
Katsuragi from Class A had also advanced to where he could nearly touch
their flag, but I wondered if he’d make it in time.
“Gah!”
I heard an agonized cry from Sudou, who was supporting the already-
tilted flag. The half-Japanese guy, Yamada, had gotten up close. His physical
mass far surpassed Sudou’s.
“Who the hell punched me in the stomach?!”
In the chaos, someone had attacked Sudou directly. Judging by how
angry and pained he sounded, it probably hadn’t been just once or twice,
either. However, there was nothing Sudou could do about it. With our flag in
his hands, all he could do was bear it and brace himself, like a turtle trying to
hide in its shell.
“Ow. Damn. That hurts, you jerks!”
However, Class C showed no sign of stopping. Sudou fell to his knees
Page 93
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
in pain, and someone stomped on his back. It was a fiendishly low blow, even
in the midst of a particularly messy and chaotic match. Of course, the
perpetrator was none other than Ryuuen.
“Y-you bastard! Ugh!”
Ryuuen bore down hard again mercilessly, with such force that I feared
he might break Sudou’s spine. When Sudou collapsed, the flag lost its
support, producing a cloud of dust as it fell to the ground. In the blink of an
eye, it was over.
Still collapsed on the ground, Sudou glared up at Ryuuen.
“Uh-uh, you jerk. That was foul play!”
“Hmm? Oh, I didn’t notice you,” replied Ryuuen. He picked up the
flag without any hesitation. Sudou tried to go after him, but due to the pain,
couldn’t yet stand back up. The Class D and A coalition had suffered a great
loss.
“Hey, is your back okay?”
“Ugh. I think I’m all right, somehow. Damn! Goddamn it!” Sudou’s
anger seemed greater than his pain. “That smug ass! The next time I run into
him, I’m gonna lay him out flat!”
“You’d only cause another scandal. Do you want a repeat of last
time?” I asked. I was referring to the day when Sudou got into a fight with
Class C students, and was almost expelled as a result.
“So, it’s okay when he does it, but not when I do it?! Look at my
back!” Sudou shouted.
“I get it, but they’ll probably just claim it happened in the heat of the
moment,” I told him.
“Ah, I’m so pissed! And here I was, planning on winning every
contest!” he grumbled.
The Class A students could hear this, and some guys sent glares
Sudou’s way. Katsuragi stopped them before they could retort. “I apologize
that we weren’t of much use,” he said.
“No, I should apologize. It’s because we couldn’t protect the flag. Let’s
do our best in the next game,” replied Hirata.
For the time being, we disbanded and returned to our own tents.
Page 94
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
6.4
 
With no time to rest, the first-year boys got ready for the tug-of-war.
Meanwhile, the first-year girls were making steady progress in their ball toss.
The team competitions continued. I hadn’t paid much attention at first, but
the competition order was fairly arduous. It took a lot out of us.
“How much of a gap between the teams do you think there is now?”
asked Sudou.
“Dunno. Things just got started. No use thinking about it yet,” I
answered.
“That’s true, I guess. Still, a loss is a loss. They’re one step ahead of us
now, right?” said Sudou. He fidgeted while he watched the girls’ match,
unable to stand the fact that we’d lost. “It’ll be good if the girls win this one,
at least,” he muttered.
Because we were some distance away, we couldn’t clearly discern how
the ball toss would end. All I could think was that it looked like a close battle.
The game finished soon afterward, and the teacher in charge counted up the
points while clearing away the balls.
“With fifty-four points total, the Red Team wins.”
The girls had canceled out the boys’ disappointing capture-the-flag
results. Our relief was fleeting, because the referee called us over to start the
tug-of-war.
“All right, let’s do this!” said Sudou.
“Hey, is your back okay, Ken?” asked Ike.
“S’okay. I’m tougher than most, so I’m all right. Besides, even if it
hurts, there’s nothing I can do about it,” said Sudou.
Even though we were worried, Sudou stood strong. The rules for tug-
of-war were extremely simple. It was almost exactly the same as capture the
flag; the first team to get two points won.
“If we make a comeback in the tug-of-war, we can turn the team
competitions around. Besides, in tug-of-war, there’s no physical contact. That
means both sides have to rely purely on their own strength. It shouldn’t turn
into some ridiculous brawl,” said Hirata.
Hirata was always mindful of those around him. Sudou looked pleased.
“Guess you’re right. That’s exactly why we can’t lose this,” Sudou
said.
Page 95
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
A pure test of strength; our power and wits against theirs. Who would
triumph? As the four classes gathered, we split into two groups to the left and
right. Katsuragi drew near Hirata and whispered something quietly into the
other boy’s ear.
“Okay. Just like we discussed, we’ll use our strategy to beat them in a
single stroke. Sound good?” asked Katsuragi.
“Yes. Got it. All right, everyone. Get in position,” said Hirata.
We’d come up with a strategy under their leadership, like we did for
capture the flag. After Hirata gave us instructions, Class D took our positions
on the field. The strategy was simple, boiling down to “line up in order of
height.” By doing so, we could apply our strength without any unevenness.
The opposing team would see this, but even if they tried to imitate us, they
couldn’t line up by height in such a short time span.
However, our Class D/A coalition already had another problem. Unlike
the guys in Class D, half the Class A guys didn’t budge an inch.
“Hey, Katsuragi-kun, stop ordering us around,” said one boy.
“What do you mean by that, Hashimoto?” asked Katsuragi.
Hashimoto took one step forward. A tall, somewhat distant-looking
guy, he had his long hair swept to the back of his head. He wore a gentle
expression, but he had harsh, cynical eyes.
“Exactly what I said. It’s your fault that Class A is in a slump now. Are
you sure this strategy will let us win?” asked Hashimoto.
I couldn’t imagine that he was acting alone. The timing was too
strange. While Class A focused on Katsuragi and Hashimoto, I looked back
toward our camp, searching for Sakayanagi. Sakayanagi, who’d been
observing from the very beginning, wore a thin smile. It could only mean one
thing.
She instigated this whole thing. Perhaps she intended to do whatever it
took to crush her opposition, Katsuragi. Her behavior was unsettling, but in a
different way than Ryuuen’s.
“What do you say, Katsuragi-kun? Can we really win?” asked
Hashimoto.
Despite the fact that he’d been betrayed, Katsuragi didn’t appear to be
panicking. “We’re upsetting Class D. We should proceed calmly,” he replied.
“That’s not an answer.” The half of Class A following Hashimoto
showed no sign of obedience.
“Hey, Katsuragi-san’s telling you to do something. Hurry up and do it!
Page 96
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Enough with the shameful behavior!” Yahiko, from Katsuragi’s faction,
shouted at Sakayanagi’s faction. He thrust the rope toward one of the rebels.
“I understand the doubts you might have about my leadership. But if
we lose because of meaningless bickering, it won’t be our lack of cooperation
or skill to blame. It will be Sakayanagi’s fault. Do you want that?” asked
Katsuragi.
“You really are blind, huh, Katsuragi-kun?” Hashimoto sneered. The
referee approached us, looking as though he was about to give us a warning.
Hashimoto gripped the rope and settled into his designated position. “Shall
we? Like you said, it would be ever so annoying if we made you think we
weren’t cooperating.”
Class A’s internal strife seemed to have subsided for the time being.
We got into position.
“Man, those Class A guys really are bloodthirsty, aren’t they?”
“I’m really, really worried now. They might just be a bunch of noodle-
armed nerds, after all.”
Even Sudou could tell that Class A’s internal conflict was dangerous.
At any rate, everyone followed Katsuragi and Hirata’s orders, and lined up in
order of height. Sudou was the furthest back.
On the opposing side, the B/C group didn’t seem to be cooperating,
their forces cleanly divided by class. Class B took charge at the front of the
rope, but they chose the strategy opposite ours, lining up with the tallest in
front. Since Class C had lined up completely at random, their lineup would
just fall apart. They did have some tough-looking students in the far back, I
supposed, but I couldn’t shake the feeling that they were a mess.
“Heh! Class B put their biggest dudes up way up in front. They just
don’t get it at all, do they?” Sudou gloated.
“I wouldn’t necessarily say that’s true. When you’re pulling the rope,
an elevated position is advantageous,” said Hirata.
“Even so, that don’t change the fact that we got the advantage. Come
on, let’s do this!” shouted Sudou.
Just then the signal went off, and we immediately pulled on the rope.
“And pull! And pull!”
The D/A coalition worked together with great vigor, shouting the
standard tug-of-war battle cry. At first, it looked as though the two sides were
evenly matched, but after a few seconds, the game started to shift in
our favor.
Page 97
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Go, go, go! Come on, easy!”
Before long, we heard the signal that the match had ended, and that the
D/A team had scored a point.
“Hell yeah! You see that?! Serves ’em right!” Sudou howled.
In response, the Class B guys confronted Class C, their discontent
obvious. “Hey, it’ll be really bad if we don’t work together, you know? These
guys are crazy strong,” Shibata said to Ryuuen.
But Ryuuen ignored him. “All right, time to switch things up. Line up
with the shortest in front,” he barked at his class instead. He issued directions
to the scattered Class C, adjusting them so that they stood in order of height.
We now formed a perfect bow shape.
Shibata shook his head, shouted words of encouragement to his class,
and grabbed the rope once more.
“We got this. With those guys lined up like that, there’s no way they’ll
win,” said Sudou.
“We can’t say that for sure. Everyone, keep your guard up. The next
round won’t be like the first,” said Katsuragi.
“Why, though? It was an easy win, man. Look, they ain’t even lining
up by height, like we are,” said Ike.
The signal went off.
“And pull! And pull!”
The D/A coalition pulled, just like we did the first time. However,
facing a new level of resistance caused our group to panic a little. No matter
how hard we pulled, the rope didn’t budge. Anxiety started to creep in.
“Hey, you guys better stick this out. If you lose here, I’ll kill you,”
warned Ryuuen.
We felt an intense surge of power come from our opponents’ side,
starting to drag us over the line. It couldn’t possibly have been that their
strength welled up just from Ryuuen’s one command alone. Something about
the bow-like shape of this arrangement gave them more leverage.
“Geh! Ow! Oww!”
I could hear pained cries from Ike and the others holding the rope in
the rear. I was also pulling with everything I had, but the resistance I felt was
completely unlike the first round. The D/A coalition was dragged forward,
little by little, until we lost.
“The hell? Why was it different from before?! Hey, is someone holding
back?!” The students on our team started to turn on their allies.
Page 98
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Katsuragi immediately stepped up and spoke.
“Calm down. We lost because our opponents used the right formation
to beat us. Of course, it’s probably true that some students on our side felt
overly confident going into the second round. Understand that, even if our
opponent’s teamwork is in shambles, they can still put up a fight. Brace
yourselves, focus your minds, and make sure to check your position. Also,
when you pull, make sure that you do it at an angle,” said Katsuragi.
Once both sides were ready, the crucial third round began.
“And pull! And pull! Pull!”
Just like before, things weren’t decided immediately. The white flag
attached to the rope fluttered above the center line without moving.
“Keep on it, guys! We’re definitely going to win!” shouted Sudou. At
his words, everyone started working together in unison.
“And pull! And pull!”
The white flag moved slightly toward the D/A coalition’s side.
“No slacking off! Come on, one more pull! Puuullll!” shouted Sudou,
bellowing a war cry.
Suddenly, the incredible resistance we’d been facing vanished, and
everyone on our side tumbled over backward. Unable to immediately grasp
what had happened, students started yelling at one another.
Our opponents had let go of the rope.
“Hey, what the hell? Don’t screw with us!” Some Class B students had
fallen over, too, so they clearly hadn’t expected this turn of events. Before
long, everyone directed their ire toward Ryuuen and his group.
“I decided to take a break, since I thought we couldn’t win,” said
Ryuuen. So, they’d given up? He turned to us and sneered. “Good for you.
You managed to pick up a meaningless win. It’s hilarious to see you all
crawling on the ground.”
Even though he’d lost, Ryuuen smiled.
“Jerk!” Sudou stood up and charged at Ryuuen, still angry over the
capture-the-flag incident. However, Katsuragi grabbed Sudou’s arms and
stopped him.
“This is all part of Ryuuen’s plan. He wants to make us waste our
energy. He might also be trying to egg us on to violence, so that we’re
accused of foul play.”
“But—”
“What they did was unsportsmanlike, but it wasn’t a violation of the
Page 99
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
rules,” said Katsuragi.
Katsuragi wasn’t in Class A for no reason. His control was masterful.
Ryuuen turned his back on us, perhaps because he knew that further
provocation would get him nothing.
“Okay, get up!” he shouted at his group. The boys from Class C
immediately stood.
“It looks like we got lucky. Thank goodness we don’t have to try
working with Class C,” said Katsuragi as he patted Sudou on the shoulder.
“Man… We won, but I don’t feel good about it at all. Damn it,” Sudou
grumbled.
I understood his feelings. We’d finally won a team competition, but
Ryuuen managed to put a damper on it. We were all frowning a little. With
the tug-of-war ended, we went back to our tents.
On the way, Katsuragi came up to Hirata and offered him a quiet
apology. “Sorry for earlier. I wasn’t able to lead my class,” he told Hirata.
“Oh, please, don’t worry about it. It’s our fault we let our guard down
in the second round. Right?” Hirata looked to me for confirmation, so I
nodded.
“Things are rough in Class A, huh?”
“Yeah.”
Katsuragi didn’t elaborate any further on the matter. All we knew for
certain was that he seemed to be in quite a difficult position. Meanwhile,
Sudou had already shifted gears to thinking about the upcoming competition.
“Next up is the obstacle course race. If anyone does bad, I’m gonna lay
’em flat,” said Sudou.
“Ugh. Why do you have to hit us?”
“Cause I’m the leader. I need to kick the asses of the people under me.
It’s a tough job,” said Sudou.
No one really wanted such a leader, but you couldn’t exactly oppose
Sudou.
“For reference, what outcomes would you consider disappointing?”
“Ain’t that obvious, dude? I won’t accept anything besides victory!”
“Harsh!”
Page 100
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
6.5
 
“Hah…hah… Man, I ran my heart out, and I still only got sixth
place! H-has Ken not gone up yet? Puh…” Ike breathed heavily as he fell to
his knees. He was probably terrified of Sudou’s wrath. “You don’t think he’d
get, like, fourth place or something, do you?”
I understood Ike’s concern. If Sudou didn’t win his own race, he’d
surely take that out on the rest of the group.
“What place did you get, Ayanokouji?” Ike demanded. “Will you get
Sudou’s death penalty?”
“Just barely managed third place,” I answered.
“Ugh, no way. Seriously? Man, talk about being saved by the lineup,”
said Ike.
Well, it seemed like invoking Sudou’s ire would be a hassle. That was
why I decided to put in a little effort.
“Looks like Sudou-kun is going up against Shibata-kun.”
“Uh, yeah.”
Shibata was doing light warm-up exercises as he waited for his race to
start. Sudou had a formidable opponent.
“Huh?! Wait—the other guys Ken’s up against are Nomura and
Suzuki! Dude, not fair!”
Ike looked genuinely frustrated upon seeing what a fortunate lineup
Sudou had. The two Class C students in question were said to be especially
unathletic. The two Class A students in the group weren’t really that good,
either, so Sudou’s victory was pretty much guaranteed.
However, Shibata was different. He was rumored to be Class B’s
fastest runner, and he was undoubtedly going to fight to reach first place. In
the two competitions leading up to this, he had won first both times.
“Who do you think’s going to win?” I asked Hirata. He knew Shibata
well.
“I don’t know, honestly. If it were a purely straightforward match,
Shibata-kun might take first place, but Sudou-kun overcame all the obstacles
without much difficulty during practice. I think it’s going to be an incredible
race.”
Hirata wasn’t sure. Sudou thought that there was no possible way he
could lose. Hopefully, his pride wouldn’t get in the way of his running. I put
Page 101
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
aside my worries as the race started.
Both Sudou and Shibata got off to a good start. They were neck and
neck as they headed toward the first obstacle, the balance beam. Though
Sudou was tall and large, he was able to cross the narrow balance beam faster
than anyone else. He had incredible balance. Shibata was in second place.
Despite the fact that he lagged slightly behind Sudou, he also managed to
safely cross the beam.
After sprinting a short distance, they crawled through a net placed on
the ground. Sudou advanced like some kind of wild beast. Shibata chased
after him, looking as though he was having fun. The last obstacle was a sack
race. Everyone jumped in their sacks and started hopping. Sudou managed to
clear the race with dexterity that belied his large frame, but Shibata was
closing the distance between them.
“This is the most intense match so far today,” said Hirata.
Sudou and Shibata seemed to be physically matched, so it looked as if
they were trying to change up their strategies. Shibata kept a steady pace.
Sudou started to rush for the first time. He probably heard Shibata closing in
on him. However, Sudou managed to stay ahead, and in the end, was the first
to cut through the tape at the finish line. Going all out like that clearly
affected him. Even from this distance, you could see him breathing heavily.
Sudou and Shibata had been evenly matched in speed. It was like
Hirata had said: in pure speed alone, Shibata might actually have been
superior. Sudou wasn’t invincible after all.
In any case, Sudou had managed to win first place three times in a row.
He was, without question, one of the best athletes in our entire school.
Sudou, making his proud return, immediately confronted a shrinking
Ike. “Hey. I was watching you, Kanji! The hell, man, sixth place?!”
“H-hey, you almost didn’t get first just now, dude! We’re practically
equal!” blubbered Ike.
This equality was utterly imaginary. Sudou pinned Ike’s arms behind
his back, putting him in a nelson hold.
“Phew. Got first place. Still, though, that Shibata guy was really fast.
Thankfully, I managed to beat ’im,” said Sudou.
Page 102
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
6.6
 
We didn’t have any time to slack off before we needed to prepare
for the three-legged race. Meanwhile, it looked as though things were getting
rocky for the first-year girls on the obstacle course. Horikita was doing her
best, but the two Class C students had put some distance between themselves
and her right at the start of the race.
“I’ve seen this happen before.”
“Looks like she’s in the same group as Yajima-san and Kinoshita-san
again.”
Horikita was gifted at both athletics and academics, but trying to beat
someone who specialized in one of those two wasn’t an easy task. When the
race started, Kinoshita had dashed forward, bolting straight toward the
balance beam. She made it there first and put a lot of distance between herself
and those behind her. Yajima was now in second place. Horikita followed
in third.
Unlike the 100-meter dash or the hurdle race, both of which relied
purely on speed and stamina, there were numerous unknown variables in the
obstacle course. After the girls passed the balance beam, the distance between
them shrank until they were practically all neck and neck.
“Looks like she’s got a chance.”
Sudou cheered Horikita on, his hands tightly balled into fists. By the
time the girls started crawling through the net, Horikita had taken the lead.
However, Kinoshita was fast. In between obstacles, she closed and shortened
the distance between herself and Horikita. She managed to stay in second
place.
Yajima wasn’t about to be thrown out of first. Horikita sprinted
forward with everything she had to try and steal second place. When
Kinoshita was thrown off balance during the obstacle course’s final leg, the
sack race, Horikita closed the distance between them. When she passed the
girl, Horikita raced forward as quickly as possible. The distance between
herself and Kinoshita could only have been one or two seconds.
Horikita ran at top speed for the final fifty meters of the race. However,
she must have been concerned about Kinoshita closing in on her, because she
repeatedly glanced over her shoulder. That caused her speed to drop, and
soon the two were once again side by side. Suddenly Horikita, who’d been
Page 103
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
trying to slip past Kinoshita, and Kinoshita, who was trying to catch up,
became entangled and fell down.
“Whoa! Hey, something big just happened!”
I was too far away, so I couldn’t tell who had run into whom. While
they got back up, other students passed them by, and Horikita and Kinoshita
plummeted to the bottom of the rankings. They both desperately struggled to
get back on their feet amid a cloud of dust.
Although they kept going, the incident affected them. In the end,
Horikita finished in an unbelievable seventh place. Kinoshita ended up
getting last place due to significant pain in her leg, which rendered her unable
to continue to run.
Horikita had placed first, then third, and now seventh. We had no
choice but to say that it’d been an unfortunate accident.
“…………”
“What’s the matter, Ayanokouji-kun?”
“If an ‘accident’ were to happen again, that might be too much to
believe,” I answered.
“You think so, too? I’d say the others are also starting to realize that.
This doesn’t bode well,” Hirata replied.
Unfortunately, he was right on the money. “Can I leave you to take
care of everyone?” I asked.
“Of course. That’s my role, after all. But isn’t there something we can
do?”
“I wish,” I answered.
It was a relief to see Hirata accept the task without even a hint of
disgust. I headed over to Horikita, who had a sullen look on her face.
“Does it hurt?” I asked her.
“A little. But it won’t affect the competition. If I rest, I’ll be okay.”
She tried to look tough, but she was having a difficult time just sitting
down. Preparing myself to be pummeled, I lightly touched her injury.
“Ow!”
“This isn’t going to affect the competition, huh?”
“Don’t just go touching me. Leave me alone. I’ll grin and bear it,” said
Horikita.
To be in a position of so much responsibility could be hard. Especially
for people like Horikita, who took pride in their ability to produce results.
“Well, I suppose you won’t get any points if you withdraw. I
Page 104
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
understand your desire to hang on.”
I expected her to glare at me for poking her, but she changed the topic.
“That girl’s a sneak. It’s like she was looking to hurt me,” said Horikita.
“What do you mean?”
“While she was running behind me, she called my name over and
over.”
So, that was why Horikita had looked behind so many times during the
race.
“As soon as I turned back to see her, we ran into each other. It looked
like an accident, but if so, then why was she calling my name? Honestly, I
can’t keep up with this. To think that we’re still in the middle…” said
Horikita.
She was the third student to be injured. One second-year had fallen
during the race, and had to withdraw because of the pain, but that at least had
seemed to be an isolated incident among the upperclassmen.
“Anyway,” Horikita said. “Don’t worry about me. Worry about
yourself. Your results are worse than mine, aren’t they?” She currently had
thirty points. I had twenty-seven.
“I’ll do everything I can. But don’t push yourself, all right?”
“I’ll participate, even if I have to crawl,” said Horikita.
I left her and started preparing for the next competition, the three-
legged race.
“How’s Horikita-san doing?” asked Hirata. He sounded worried.
“It’s pretty serious. It’ll probably affect other events,” I replied.
“This is bad,” he responded.
Hirata and I continued talking while he tied our legs together for the
first-year boys’ three-legged race. The races followed right on one another’s
heels. It was incredible execution on the school’s part, structured as
effectively as a live television program.
Because a three-legged race meant two people per team, only a scant
four teams could run at once. Sudou, who was one group ahead of us, was
starting the race. He was partnered with Ike, and clearly still suppressing a lot
of bottled-up rage.
Sudou bolted down the track with all his strength, practically carrying
Ike with him. “Aaahhh!” Ike cried in agony.
It came close to foul play, but still just barely counted. They
successfully nabbed first place, Sudou forcibly supporting Ike so that he
Page 105
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
wouldn’t collapse.
“Sudou-kun can be incredibly reliable, can’t he?” asked Hirata.
“Yeah. But if we want to win, then Sudou alone isn’t enough,” I
replied. If Sudou was uncontrollable, he could very well be a double-edged
sword that would hurt us.
“All right, we’re up next,” said Hirata.
We started the race. Fortunately, no other notable people were running
with us. Since we were highly compatible partners, we ended up finishing in
first place. No one could complain about that.
“Whooo! Hirata-kun’s so cool!”
However, it was painful to listen to all the girls cheer only for Hirata.
Next came the first-year girls’ three-legged race. Horikita, who was
learning to compromise, and Kushida, always willing to compromise, were
paired and set to go for the second round. Their relationship was especially
awful, but maybe a desire to win would bridge that gap. To me, they were a
truly bizarre pair. But to the rest of Class D, they probably looked like a safe,
reliable team.
They got off to a good start, taking second place. Not bad. Cheers came
from the onlookers.
“Go, Suzune!” Sudou got a little carried away and called out Horikita’s
still-forbidden first name. His voice probably didn’t reach her, though, so he
was likely safe.
However, Horikita and Kushida slowed down, and their ranking
dropped. Before we knew it, two girls from Class A took first place. They
were beautiful young women with the same haughty aura as Horikita. The
Class C team, which included Yajima, came second.
“Something seems off,” I muttered.
“Huh? What does?” asked Sudou.
“Well, Horikita’s movements look stiff,” I replied.
“Now that you mention it, yeah. They do,” said Sudou.
During practice, Horikita had always pulled her partner along, but in
the actual event, Kushida was taking the lead. Just as I’d expected, Horikita’s
leg pain was affecting her.
She was desperately pushing herself to keep up, but her body just
couldn’t handle it. The gap between the first and second place teams began to
widen, rather than shrink. In last place came the Class B pair. Horikita and
Kushida shifted into the next lane so that they wouldn’t lose. Were they
Page 106
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
trying to obstruct Class B?
Class B doggedly tried to slip past, but couldn’t, since they were
moving at the same speed as Horikita and Kushida. The audience cheered at
this struggle for third place. Focusing too much on obstructing Class B meant
that Horikita and Kushida let their guard down for a moment, which gave
Class B a chance to turn things around.
“Awww, that’s so disappointing!”
They did their best, but Horikita and Kushida came in last. Our victory
was, once again, far out of reach.
Page 107
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
6.7
 
We had a ten-minute break, so people went to the bathroom, or off
to get a drink of water. Horikita said that she was going to the nurse’s office
for a poultice and headed toward the school. I supposed it was better than
nothing.
I didn’t go anywhere. Instead, I stayed and observed the other classes.
It was possible to pick up all sorts of information just by observing from afar.
Class A was especially interesting, as I’d suspected.
The rivalry between Katsuragi and Sakayanagi was visible from my
location. The two distinct factions were obvious; there was practically no
contact at all between them. It was by no means strange for a class to have
two appointed leaders. Even though Hirata was the head of our own class, we
still had Karuizawa and Kushida, and Sudou was leading us in this sports
festival. Despite many upheavals, however, Class D weren’t fractured by
infighting the way Class A was. Their blatant hostility was incredibly clear
during this festival.
“Amazing that they’ve gotten this far with such internal discord,” I
said.
Sakayanagi’s faction had greater numbers. When Hirata came back
from washing his hands, I decided to ask him a question. “What kind of
student is Sakayanagi?”
“So, you’re also curious about her, Ayanokouji-kun?”
“Well, yeah. I got curious when I heard that she matched Katsuragi as
a leader,” I replied.
I didn’t understand Sakayanagi’s mindset, her way of doing things.
During this festival, she hadn’t given a single order, remaining completely
silent. Still, she looked as if she were plotting to get in Katsuragi’s way. She
wasn’t interested in fighting with other classes; her focus was on Class A
alone. It looked as though she was willing to lose out on points if it meant
Katsuragi’s downfall.
“She’s very polite, she’s good with people, and she’s mature. I didn’t
think there was anything especially strange about her. Students from other
classes probably feel the same, but it seems like Class A disagrees. I’ve heard
people say that Sakayanagi is aggressive and ruthless,” said Hirata.
However, we couldn’t just take the word of her opponents as gospel,
Page 108
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
either. We hadn’t even had a conversation with her yet. Besides, it’d be hard
for her to interfere in the sports festival. Since her body prevented her from
physical exertion, she might not intend to act openly.
“I don’t think we need to be concerned about Class A right now. We’re
allies here, after all.”
“Yeah, that’s true.” At the very least, Class A probably wasn’t
scheming to get in our way or anything. Nothing like that had happened so
far.
On the other hand, I wouldn’t have been surprised if Class C was
plotting to disrupt us somehow. I looked toward their camp and saw male
students gathered around Ryuuen, as if he were a king holding court.
Right now, his strategy was the most alien of all. Even in the sports
festival, he was trying to cause psychological harm. He wanted to create
lasting damage. Sudou, in particular, had been on the receiving end of
Ryuuen’s tactics, and was deeply unsettled. I was sure Ryuuen had more
tricks up his sleeve.
Finally, I wondered how Class B was doing. Working together with
Class C while the possibility of betrayal was very real, and going against
Class A, a formidable opponent, had to be intense. Ichinose and the others,
cheerful and fair, were giving the competition their all. At a glance, they
hadn’t changed their usual behavior. Watching their smiles and happy
gestures, it basically seemed as though they were genuinely enjoying the
festival.
Page 109
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
6.8
 
After our short break, the contests ran in reverse order. It was time
for the first-year girls’ cavalry battle. This would be yet another showdown
between the D/A and B/C coalitions.
The cavalry battle ran on a time limit, and the rules were the same for
boys and girls. They dictated that points would be awarded based on the
number of enemy units your team defeated in a three-minute period, and how
many allied units you had remaining. There were four horsemen to every
cavalry unit.
Four students from each class were horsemen, which meant it was an
eight-versus-eight battle. Extra students were kept as reserve units, to be
substituted as needed. Each horseman was worth fifty points. One horseman
in each class was designated the “general,” and they were worth 100 points.
You could still get points, even if your opponent was left standing, so long as
you stole their headband.
Horikita had been chosen to jockey for Class D. Ishizaki, Komiya, and
Kondou were supporting her. They weren’t bad at all. Mori, Kushida, and
Karuizawa were the other jockeys.
The problem was that Mori’s unit was filled with unathletic students.
There was a good chance that they’d go down first. Their strategy was to
make a weak horseman the general, which meant that the weakest link could
stay out of the fight, and the three remaining horsemen could protect them.
Once the signal went off, the Class B and C horsemen quietly began to
close the distance to Classes A and D. Unsurprisingly, Ibuki was out for
blood. A jockey herself, she issued an order and headed right for Horikita.
However, Ibuki wasn’t the only one.
“H-hey, what the hell?” shouted Ike as he watched the match. Sudou
clenched his teeth.
Class C didn’t bother attacking Class A at all. They didn’t even pay
attention to Class D’s general or other horsemen. Horikita was their sole
target.
Four horsemen attacked her. Was their plan to crush us individually,
one after another? Or did they only care about defeating Horikita? If Ryuuen
was in command, both seemed possible. The Class D horsemen were
outnumbered, but Class A showed no sign of even trying to help. Perhaps
Page 110
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
they intended to use us as bait, and swoop in to get the points after we were
done.
“They’re just going after Horikita, aren’t they, dude?!”
“Damn. Ryuuen probably ordered that. Scumbag!” Sudou growled.
“There’s nothing we can do about it. Everyone knows that Horikita is
Class D’s best player on this field.”
Ryuuen’s tactics weren’t bad. Whether in war or competition, the best
bet was taking out the opposing side’s leader.
Karuizawa and her horsemen rushed to Horikita’s rescue first.
Shinohara hurried over to support Karuizawa. However, Class B’s general,
Ichinose, blocked their path. Unlike Class A, Class B was actively supporting
their ally team. Now they were on a collision course: Karuizawa versus
Ichinose.
Unfortunately, the three girls supporting Karuizawa weren’t exactly
athletic. Their unit had formed so that they could hang out with their friends.
Bad tactics. Meanwhile, Ichinose’s unit contained some of the best and most
capable people in Class B. Showing no fear, Class B dodged the attack.
Ichinose went for a direct attack, but her movements weren’t sharp.
Karuizawa managed to react well and launch a counterattack. It was a contest
of unity versus maneuverability, and looked as though it would drag on for a
while.
“Dude, this is an awesome game!”
Page 111
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 112
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
The audience cheered. As Karuizawa’s group made their move, a
horseman’s headband was snatched off. Horikita’s, as I’d expected.
Four horsemen had attacked her simultaneously. She fell off her unit
quite dramatically, collapsed to the ground, and tried to get up, looking
frustrated. However, she had nothing to be ashamed of. In a situation like
this, even someone like Sudou couldn’t have won. Class A and their lack of
defense were responsible for her defeat.
In any case, that was that. Horikita’s loss triggered an all-out melee.
Class D, now down a horseman and pursued by Class B, lost any semblance
of coordination in the blink of an eye. Some players fell off their horses,
while others had their headbands snatched.
The two horsemen other than Karuizawa tried to resist, but in vain.
Karuizawa, who was locked in a fierce battle with Ichinose, found herself in
an eight-to-one fight for a moment. Then, at the very end, she managed to
snatch a headband from a Class B horseman thanks to her near-suicidal
resolve.
Even though they’d lost a horseman, Classes B and C attacked the
remaining Class A units and completely wiped them out. Our opponents had
only lost a total of two horsemen, but the A/D coalition had suffered a
great loss.
Horikita returned to camp grinding her teeth in frustration. Sudou
called to her right away.
“Hey, don’t worry ’bout it. It was hopeless. Besides, it’s the others’
fault for being so slow,” said Sudou.
“That doesn’t change the fact that I lost. Their momentum completely
overwhelmed me,” replied Horikita.
Class C had primarily targeted Horikita, though. Under those
circumstances, no horsemen could’ve stood a chance.
“Leave it to me. I’ll get ’em back for you,” said Sudou, trying to sound
cool.
Normally, his words wouldn’t have reached Horikita at all. However,
in her weakened condition, they seemed to resonate. “I’d expect no less of
you,” she replied.
“All right! Let’s go, you guys!” shouted Sudou.
The boy’s cavalry battle began. I took the role of a horse on the right of
my unit. Sudou was squarely in the middle, and Miyake was on the left.
Hirata was our jockey. Thus, our class’s strongest unit was born, a warrior
Page 113
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
without peer, capable of achieving victory even if our allied horsemen were
defeated.
“Hey, Hirata. Focus on not getting your headband stolen, and don’t get
knocked down. Okay?” said Sudou.
“So, we’re using that strategy, huh?” asked Hirata.
“Well, it’s ’cause we lost horribly at capture the flag. We got beat
really bad. This time, we’re gonna show ’em no mercy,” said Sudou.
“I have an idea, if it’s okay with you guys. While I was watching the
girls’ match earlier, I thought of a way to win. I already told Katsuragi-kun
about it. We can’t keep losing at this speed,” said Hirata.
When the signal went off, Hirata gave the order. Class D’s horsemen
joined Class A’s. We became one large mass of people, the two classes
indistinguishable from each other. Though Class A had basically abandoned
Class D entirely during the girls’ match, they weren’t rooting for us to lose or
anything.
Class C’s general, Ryuuen, laughed fearlessly as, on Katsuragi’s
orders, eight horsemen from the D/A coalition rushed at the enemy.
“Aim for that shitty Ryuuen’s head! Raaah! Send him packing!”
In the blink of an eye, Hirata’s horse, Sudou, bolted ahead at top speed.
A horseman from Class B tried to get in the way.
However, Sudou slammed into the enemy with full force, knocking
them off-balance. “Get outta my way!” he roared.
“Uwahh!”
The enemy, lacking Sudou’s superior physique and ability to fight
back, could only collapse, jockey and all.
“Yeah, how about them apples?!”
Like a wild beast, Sudou looked down at the defeated enemy, then
turned toward his next prey. Normally, hitting someone would be considered
foul play. However, the school had already said that this battle’s rules were a
bit different. Our strong opening salvo instilled fear in the other team, making
them flinch.
However, this strategy did have its drawbacks. If we knocked down a
jockey, it would count as a self-KO, not stealing a headband. Those fifty
points would vanish into the ether. Still, if we focused solely on stealing
headbands, it would be risky.
Sudou clearly relished this strategy, but we couldn’t drop our guard.
There was a good Class B general whose unit consisted of Kanzaki and
Page 114
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Shibata. There was also Ryuuen, and he was riding guys with a lot of power
and muscle mass.
The D/A coalition couldn’t win unless we took those two out, but it
was so hard to read Ryuuen.
“Sudou-kun, let’s defeat the opponents around us first and leave
Ryuuen-kun for last.”
“Huh? C’mon, don’t be boring, man. Let’s aim right for the general’s
head!” said Sudou.
“If we get emotional, we’ll play into his hands. Let’s do what’s
necessary to win,” said Hirata.
“Tch!”
Two Class C horsemen launched their attack at us. Sudou, despite his
grudge against Ryuuen, listened to Hirata.
“All right, all right. Let’s kick the crap outta these guys!”
We needed focus, and our wits about us. During capture the flag, the
enemy’s power had overwhelmed us, but things were different this time
around.
Sudou defeated three enemy horsemen with ease. Keeping the
momentum going, Katsuragi and other Class A students successfully took
down Shibata and Kanzaki’s unit, despite losing three of their own players.
Ryuuen was the sole remaining enemy. Both Hirata and Katsuragi’s units had
survived, and one additional Class D horseman remained. We had a chance.
“Yeah! Yeah!! It’s three on one now, right? We got this!”
As we surrounded Ryuuen, Katsuragi and Hirata exchanged looks. The
other horsemen kept their distance, but still targeted Ryuuen. Since he’d been
able to steal a headband, I realized just how powerful Ryuuen’s unit was.
But, even so, we outnumbered him.
However, Ryuuen didn’t panic. In fact, it was the opposite; he looked
as though he was actually enjoying this.
If Hirata and Katsuragi attacked him at the same time, one of them
could snatch Ryuuen’s headband, even if that meant sacrificing the other. In
that case, our victory would be practically guaranteed. This was the moment
to go for the kill.
“Oh, I remember your name. Sudou. When I stepped on you earlier, it
looked quite painful,” Ryuuen sneered.
“Yeah, keep talkin’. I’m gonna return the favor,” replied Sudou.
“You talk a pretty big game for a simple beast of burden. I have to say,
Page 115
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
it feels good to look down on you,” said Ryuuen.
“Heh. Just because you’re ridin’ on top don’t mean you’re a big deal
yourself,” snapped Sudou.
“Oh? I guess this is all meaningless, unless we settle things one-on-
one,” said Ryuuen.
“Huh?”
“If you can only beat me when it’s two against one, I suppose that’s
that. However, ‘winning’ only means something when the playing field is
level,” said Ryuuen. “But could you handle that?”
“The heck?!”
“Sudou-kun, don’t listen. This is a bad idea. Let’s cooperate with
Katsuragi-kun,” said Hirata.
“You just don’t get it,” Sudou told Ryuuen.
“No, you don’t get it, Sudou. You’ve taken down those who got in your
way before, but you used cowardly means to do so. You could never beat my
trusted subordinates with a frontal attack,” Ryuuen gloated. Some of his unit
happened to be members of the basketball club, the ones who’d started a fight
with Sudou.
“Stop screwing around. Those dudes are weak garbage who can’t even
fight,” snapped Sudou.
“Tough words, but with nothing to back them up. If you’re so very
strong, then face me one-on-one. If you can beat me then, I’ll kneel before
you,” said Ryuuen.
“Fine. Don’t forget what you just said, Ryuuen! You heard all that,
Katsuragi? Don’t you dare stick your nose in this!” said Sudou.
“What are you talking about? We can’t let this chance go. We should
use a pincer attack to defeat him,” replied Katsuragi.
“Stick your nose in this, and I’ll bust up your unit!” said Sudou. He’d
taken Ryuuen’s bait hook, line, and sinker. Ryuuen understood Sudou’s
personality, and took full advantage of it.
“You’re determined to fight him on one-on-one, Sudou-kun? Fine. If
you’re doing this, then win,” said Hirata. He understood that, once Sudou’s
switch was flipped, there was nothing to be done.
“All right. Hirata, make sure your headband doesn’t get snatched!”
With a bitter expression, Katsuragi watched the battle unfold as Sudou
charged forward, ramming into the enemy. However, their horsemen weren’t
knocked down. Their power was just about equal to ours. The horse
Page 116
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
protecting Ryuuen in the center was the half-Japanese guy, Yamada Albert.
His strength was incredible, just like the rumors had said.
Miyake and I, who were supporting Hirata from the sides, couldn’t
bring as much strength to bear as Sudou. We both had maybe half Sudou’s
power. However, in Ryuuen’s unit, Yamada’s power seemed equal to
Sudou’s. The other guys were nearly as tough, too.
“Come on; come on, then. Or are you going to lose to my Albert?”
Ryuuen gestured for us to attack him.
As I supported Hirata, I watched his battle with Ryuuen as best I could.
From what I could see, they were almost evenly matched. However, Ryuuen
only attacked with his words, not wasting any effort on physical attacks. He
conserved his stamina, responding with only one attack for every three of
Hirata’s.
“Not yet, Hirata?” Sudou sounded pained, since he was the only one on
the receiving end of most of the enemy’s attacks.
“Just a little more!” Hirata extended his arm, feinting, before launching
an attack. As Ryuuen tried to sway and dodge, Hirata grabbed hold of his
headband, but only managed to snag the edge.
Hirata tried his hardest to pull the headband off. He couldn’t snatch it
away, and the headband slipped out of his hand.
“Huh?!”
“What are you doin’, Hirata?! Take it! I’m usin’ up an awful lot of
strength here!” said Sudou.
“Sorry. My hand was slippery!”
Sudou, breathing heavily, launched another attack. Ryuuen waited
fearlessly. Meanwhile Hirata, who had only been on the offensive so far, was
breathing heavily.
“What’s wrong? That all you got?”
“Ugh! Sorry, Sudou-kun! Fall back for now!” said Hirata.
We put some distance between Ryuuen and ourselves. We were
exhausted compared to Ryuuen, who had barely even moved. He was
probably conserving his strength to fight Katsuragi after he defeated us.
Sudou, his breathing ragged, repositioned himself.
“Make the next try the last, Hirata… Make sure you snatch it!” said
Sudou.
“Got it. I’ll try my best!” Hirata took a deep breath and focused.
“Eat this!” shouted Sudou.
Page 117
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Sudou summoned the last of his strength and slammed into the enemy,
but they still didn’t fall down. Once again, a fight between the jockeys
ensued. However, Hirata took a gamble and, assuming that Ryuuen wouldn’t
attack, extended his arm and left himself open. The results were well worth
the risk.
“Got it!”
Hirata’s aim was straight and true. Again, he successfully grabbed hold
of Ryuuen’s headband. However, once again, the headband slipped.
“What?!”
Ryuuen took advantage of Hirata’s bewilderment. He reached out to
grab Hirata’s headband, gripped it tightly, and effortlessly snatched it from
Hirata’s head. Sudou sensed that we had lost and dropped to his knees,
causing Hirata to fall.
Ryuuen raised Hirata’s headband up high. Soon afterward, a referee
came over and warned us to leave the field.
“Damn it!” Sudou, looking wild and unruly, glared at Ryuuen. If
Sudou didn’t start moving, I didn’t know what kind of warning we’d receive
next. I pushed him, directing him to leave the field.
“How pathetic,” Ryuuen sneered.
It was too early for us to accept defeat, though. Katsuragi was still in
the fight, and now that Sudou had withdrawn, his unit joined the remaining
Class D horsemen to start a two-against-one strategy. However, when they
grabbed Ryuuen’s headband, things played out in a similar way. They
couldn’t pull the headband off.
In the end, Yahiko and another Class D jockey lost their headbands.
Even though he’d moved as little as possible, Ryuuen demonstrated superb
strength and survived until the very end.
As we heard the signal heralding the end of the game, Ryuuen took off
his own headband and swung it around, reveling in his victory. That was
another piece of provocation—another piece of his strategy.
“Dang it, he’s the one guy I didn’t want to lose to! Get your head in the
game, Hirata!” Sudou’s frustration was at an all-time high. I half-expected
him to go on a rampage and tear the place apart.
“Sorry, Sudou-kun. His headband was so strangely wet, I couldn’t
seem to pull it off,” said Hirata. “At first, I thought it was sweat, but
something was a little odd.”
He showed us his hands. Some kind of clear, slightly sticky fluid
Page 118
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
gleamed on them.
“That’s not sweat,” I said.
“Wait, that means… That jerk!” said Sudou. He charged over to
confront Ryuuen. “That’s foul play! You slathered your headband with
something!”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. If there’s anything on my
headband, it’s probably just hair gel. Don’t be a sore loser,” chided Ryuuen.
Maybe he’d been able to clean his headband while he showed off his
victory, or maybe he wiped it on the ground. Either way, Ryuuen’s headband
just looked dirty. The evidence was gone.
“Sudou, we’re going to cause a scene. Let’s head back to our tent,” I
said.
The referee glared at us. We couldn’t prove that Ryuuen had coated his
headband in anything. In truth, Ryuuen probably had used hair gel. Anything
else would be too risky, bordering on foul play. He wasn’t stupid.
“You know what? You’re at fault here, too, Ayanokouji! You need to
provide more support!” snapped Sudou.
Even after we returned to the tent, Sudou didn’t calm down. I kept my
distance to let him cool off. Karuizawa called to Hirata and me.
“Isn’t this bad news, Kiyotaka?” she asked.
“What is? Wait. Why’d you use my first name?” I asked.
“Why? Well, I call Yousuke-kun by his first name, so I thought I’d try
using yours,” she replied.
Then why had she dropped the honorific in my case? Was she implying
that I was lower than Hirata?
“At any rate, I want to discuss Horikita-san. Hasn’t she been struggling
for a while now? Even during the cavalry battle, she was in really rough
shape,” said Karuizawa.
“Yeah,” I replied.
Horikita was in a bad way, and not just in the team contests. Her
rankings had fallen greatly across every event. The reason was clear: the fall
during the obstacle course had injured her right leg. We normally would’ve
suggested that she withdraw, but if she did, then Class D would be penalized.
“I don’t really think I can blame her, though. Her opponents were just
too much,” said Karuizawa.
True. Horikita had gone up against difficult opponents each and every
time. If she kept facing off against students who were the best in their
Page 119
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
respective clubs…
This was far too much to be mere coincidence. “It’s no use. She’s
being targeted,” I said.
“Targeted? So, it’s not accidental that she keeps facing all these
incredible students?”
“It’s the only reason I can think of. You know how athletic she is, too,
right?” I replied.
There was just one person who might order such a thing: Ryuuen
Kakeru. Only he would prioritize humiliating Horikita over leading Class C
to victory.
“He’s definitely harassing her,” I said.
“Someone is harassing Horikita? But why?” asked Karuizawa.
“It’s not just Horikita. They seem to know all our strategies for the
competitions, and the composition of all our teams. We’re being played like a
fiddle.”
“So, information about our class got leaked? Someone sent out our
participation table?”
“Yes. They handed all that information over to Ryuuen,” I replied.
“That’s… Well, actually, Horikita was always up against Yajima-san
and Kinoshita-san. Does this have anything to do with the traitor you were
talking about?” asked Karuizawa.
I gave her a small nod.
“But, wait, how did you find out? Honestly, it wouldn’t surprise me if
you just came out and said you were the traitor or something… I mean, that’s
not what you’re saying, right?”
“Unfortunately, no,” I replied.
Putting aside the question of “who” for now, the crucial bit was that the
traitor had leaked our class’s information. Ryuuen knew everything, and he’d
done two things in response.
First, he’d intentionally set up his weaker students against our more
talented athletes, like Sudou and Hirata. Then he put his more athletic
students up against our hopelessly unathletic competitors, like Ike and
Yamauchi. That way, he could snag even more wins by beating them.
Second, Ryuuen was targeting Horikita. However, that really had no
direct bearing on leading his class to victory. He wanted to crush Horikita for
the sole purpose of destroying her. And, in truth, Horikita had been crushed.
She’d completely lost face.
Page 120
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
These strategies revealed much about Ryuuen Kakeru. He could have
switched around his players to keep us from figuring out his plans, but he
wanted us to know. He wanted to rile us up.
“So, you’re not going to help her?” asked Karuizawa.
“How would I do that?”
“Well…I don’t know,” she replied.
“The participation table is already set in stone. There’s nothing I can
do.”
“You’re saying that Class D is going to lose?”
“Guess so.”
“Isn’t there anything we can do?”
“You should ask Hirata about that.”
“That’s…well, that’s true, I guess. But…I thought if I talked to you,
you’d think of something.”
The sports festival was playing out right in the open. Thus, there
weren’t many chances for subterfuge, like there had been on the island. It
would be a Herculean task to pull the wool over the entire school’s eyes. Our
two options were fighting fair, and taking opponents like Ichinose and
Katsuragi head-on, or using cowardly tactics while taking dangerous risks.
Ryuuen was only committing these acts of foul play after careful
rehearsal and lots of practice. Nearly all these results had been decided before
the sports festival even started.
“What do you think of Horikita?”
“What? I don’t like her. She’s all high and mighty and full of herself,”
Karuizawa replied.
“But you’re worried about her.”
“Well…maybe I kinda understand what she’s dealing with.”
Karuizawa knew the bitterness and agony that came of being targeted
by a bully. In that way, she could empathize with Horikita.
“Class D is in last place right now, yeah? Is there no way for us to
win?” asked Karuizawa.
“Don’t worry. Everything so far has been going according to plan,” I
told her.
“I knew it. You did think of something. Then how do we win this
thing?”
“Win? I have no intention of winning. What’s important right now is to
do nothing,” I replied.
Page 121
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Huh?” Karuizawa’s mouth hung open in shock.
I was trying to think up a way out of this incessant questioning when I
heard a very angry roar.
“I’m seriously going to beat the crap out of that jerk!”
Sudou, bristling with all the aggression of a demon, was storming
toward Class C. All Ryuuen’s provocation, from stepping on Sudou to
targeting Horikita, seemed to have finally had its intended effect.
Hirata got in Sudou’s way. “I understand what you’re saying, Sudou-
kun, but you need to calm down. You know what’ll happen if you get violent
with Ryuuen-kun.”
Sudou shoved him aside. “Shut it! He’s the one who should be sorry!
He’s done nothing but cheat!”
“Okay, yes, I do think he’s been cheating. But isn’t that difficult for us
to prove?” asked Hirata.
Trampling someone during capture the flag and letting opponents fall
over in tug-of-war weren’t very sportsmanlike conduct, but they were a gray
area. As for Ryuuen using hair gel on his headband during the cavalry battle,
that was only speculation. The evidence was gone. Sudou completely losing
his temper and confronting Ryuuen wouldn’t solve anything. In fact, it would
probably have the opposite effect.
“I’m the leader here! So, listen up, Hirata. Let’s confront Ryuuen
together,” said Sudou.
“I know you’re the leader. If we’re talking about the sports festival,
you’re the leader without a doubt. But look around you. What do you think
the class wants from you, as their leader?” asked Hirata.
Sudou looked around, starting with Ike and the others, who cowered in
fear. Most of the students kept their distance from Sudou now. They didn’t
want to suffer his wrath. Even Horikita looked at Sudou with worried
exasperation.
Currently, Class D was swimming in fear and discomfort.
“But I’m trying my hardest for the class’s sake,” said Sudou.
“Is that really the case?” Yukimura interjected cuttingly. “It seems like
you just want to show off how amazing you are. Your emotions are
completely out of control, and they’re making all your decisions for you. If
you’re going to pretend you’re the leader, then you need to act like it and
help all of us.”
“Shut up.”
Page 122
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“I feel the same way, Sudou-kun. It’s precisely because we’re relying
on you that I want you to see the bigger picture, and take all your teammates’
feelings into account,” said Hirata.
“Shut up!”
“You should be able to do that, Sudou-kun. That’s why—”
“I’m tellin’ ya to shut up already!”
SMACK!
I saw Hirata, who’d been standing next to Sudou, topple over and hit
the ground. Sudou, his eyes bloodshot, didn’t appear to realize the mistake
he’d just made. The next person to speak would probably get decked too.
Actually, he looked on the verge of punching Yukimura anyway.
However, hitting Hirata earned Sudou everyone’s attention, whether he
wanted it or not. The teachers were now eyeballing him as well.
“What’s going on?” Chabashira-sensei approached Hirata, who still lay
on the ground. When she saw how enraged Sudou looked, it was pretty easy
for her to deduce what’d happened. “Did you hit him?”
Sudou didn’t deny it at all. “So what if I did? What then?” he huffed.
Hirata quickly climbed back to his feet and corrected her. “No, that’s
not it, sensei. I just fell down, that’s all.”
“It hardly looks that way.”
“Well, you’d be wrong to think he hit me. Look, I fell, so there
shouldn’t be a problem,” said Hirata.
We couldn’t afford to let the truth come to light. Hirata had made a
wise decision.
After a moment, Chabashira-sensei spoke again. “If the victim says
that nothing happened, then there’s no problem. However, I can tell there’s
something going on here. Keep your distance from each other. I’ll be giving
my superiors a report later as a preventative measure.”
“There’s no trouble here at all, but I understand,” said Hirata.
Thanks to Hirata’s calm response, that was that. Meanwhile, Sudou,
unable to contain his anger, kicked a nearby chair and sent it flying.
“Whatever, do what you want. Go ahead and lose for all I care, you
scum. This sports festival thing can go to hell,” Sudou growled.
He glanced over at Horikita for just an instant, but quickly averted his
eyes and started walking back toward the dormitory.
“Things have gotten pretty bad, Ayanokouji,” Karuizawa said.
“That has nothing to do with me, though,” I replied.
Page 123
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Kouenji was absent, and now Sudou had walked off. Class D’s chances
looked really bleak.
Page 124
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
6.9
 
While Class D dealt with its own problems, the second- and third-
year students’ cavalry battle proceeded. Horikita kept staring at her brother,
whom she couldn’t approach.
Sudou didn’t return to camp even after the cavalry battles ended and
the final event, the 200-meter dash, began. The show went on, no matter who
was absent. Absentees would simply be disqualified, unable to earn any
points. The rules were clear.
Ryuuen approached us. “Hirata, what happened to Sudou? He taking a
dump?” Ryuuen had to have seen it all happen, but spoke as if he didn’t
know anything. Was he trying to mess with Hirata?
“Something came up. Sudou-kun is taking a break. He’ll be back
soon,” said Hirata.
“Heh. I really don’t think lying suits you,” replied Ryuuen.
“You’ve taken first place in all the individual competitions so far,
right, Ryuuen-kun?” asked Hirata calmly. He seemed placid, but you could
hear him getting riled up.
“So?”
“It looks like the only reason you’ve come in first is because you went
up against much weaker people. You’re quite lucky, Ryuuen-kun.”
“Guess luck is on my side.”
“I don’t know how much longer your luck will last, though. Anything
can change,” said Hirata.
“Huh?”
“I know what you’re thinking,” Hirata continued.
Ryuuen snorted, indicating that he had no idea what Hirata meant.
Hirata continued.
“You got Class D’s participation table, and you obtained detailed
information about all our students’ athletic abilities, too. You’ve made good
use of that information. We’re not stupid. We have a few tricks hidden up our
sleeves.”
“Ooh. I’d be scared if that weren’t such an obvious bluff. Look at how
far apart Classes C and D are now. Doesn’t it fill you with despair? Even if
you know the truth, it does you little good now,” said Ryuuen.
“I just have one thing to say to you. Before the day ends, I’m going to
Page 125
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
show you something interesting,” said Hirata.
“Something interesting, huh? I’ll be looking forward to it.”
Ryuuen didn’t sound fazed in the slightest. He probably had no reason
to be, considering that he went on to handily take first place in the 200-meter
dash.
“There’s a little over an hour left until Sudou’s turn, huh?”
The dash continued for the second- and third-year students, followed
by a fifty-minute break. If Sudou didn’t return before the break ended, it’d be
checkmate. With our ace in the hole gone, we’d never win. Only one person
in our class could get to him.
I wondered if Horikita understood just how vital her role was. After I
placed third in the 200-meter dash, I waited for her to finish her own race.
“Horikita, do you know what happened with Sudou?”
“I saw it. He realized what a disappointment he was, then ran away.”
“Well…yeah, I guess that’s true.”
“Why are you here? You’re not going to request that I bring Sudou-kun
back, are you?”
“If you already know, then don’t ask. Do you understand you’re the
only one who can help?” I inquired.
“I don’t think so. There are other people who can do something.
There’s no way I possibly could,” she said.
Was she serious? Yeah, she probably was. She had no idea that Sudou
had a crush on her.
“Besides, I’m not exactly in a position to worry about other people
right now,” Horikita added.
She was indeed suffering. She had a lot to deal with on her own. I
understood her feelings. Besides, pretty much no one wanted to go find
Sudou. They’d abandoned him, although they knew that he could save us in
the sports festival. Everyone’s trust in him had evaporated. If Hirata or
Kushida had stormed off, the entire class would’ve gone looking for them.
“Here’s how I see it,” I said. “You can’t take care of your classmates,
and you can’t control yourself. What’s the point of you, then? You’re nothing
but a burden.”
“That’s an awful thing to say. I’m sorry I got hurt, but I had bad luck.
Some things you can’t control, right?”
“Bad luck, huh? You see your injury as just that—an injury. You
haven’t realized a thing.”
Page 126
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Don’t make fun of me. I understand the seriousness of the situation.
Clearly, we have a traitor who leaked our participation table to Ryuuen-kun. I
never thought that someone in our class would want to destroy us, but there’s
nothing I can do about that right now,” said Horikita.
“What else have you noticed?”
“What else? I know that Ryuuen-kun provoked Sudou-kun.”
“That’s right. Even with all the information in the world on Ryuuen’s
side, Sudou—our class’s MVP—was still nearly undefeatable. So, Ryuuen
needled and provoked him on purpose, until he got Sudou to drop out.”
“Yeah, and that’s why our class is in shambles right now.”
“Have you noticed anything else?”
“Wait, you can’t mean… You want to speculate?” asked Horikita. “Do
I think that Ryuuen-kun set a trap for me? Yes, I certainly do. I guess he told
Kinoshita-san to trip me. But it’s hard to blatantly, deliberately cause injury
when we’re under such heavy scrutiny. I can’t imagine Ryuuen and his team
would intentionally injure me so badly I couldn’t satisfactorily continue with
the competition.”
If I had wanted to, I could have offered her evidence that the injury
was certainly intentional. But that wasn’t really important. Instead I said,
“How long do you plan to be useless, Horikita?”
Unless I took drastic measures, Horikita Suzune would never wake up.
“On what grounds do you call me useless?”
“I’m calling you useless because you are useless.”
“How dare you? I’m a highly capable student and athlete. I have the
utmost confidence that I can triumph over any of these good-for-nothings.
Besides, since the information on our class already leaked, isn’t it too late for
us to do anything? It’s not just me—we’re all powerless here. So, why label
me useless?”
“If you were an ordinary student, it would be fine for you to say that.
But that’s not the case, is it? If you’re aiming for Class A, and want to lift
your classmates up with you, then it’s about time that you develop an ability
to see the big picture.”
“That’s why I asked you for evidence!” Horikita shouted.
Our classmates turned toward us to see what was going on.
“‘We have a traitor who leaked our participation table.’” I repeated
Horikita’s words back at her. “‘Ryuuen-kun provoked Sudou-kun,’ ‘I guess
he told Kinoshita-san to trip me.’ It’s certainly true that you can’t do anything
Page 127
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
about those things—because you didn’t do anything about them. And, as long
as you continue to do nothing, nothing is going to change. Do you plan on
whining like this when Ryuuen pulls off another brilliant scheme? You don’t,
do you?”
“That’s… But, what could I possibly…?”
“You can either prioritize improving your own ranking while Sudou
remains absent, or you can let your ranking plummet while Sudou returns and
helps pull the class forward. Which of those best serves Class D?” I asked.
“There’s no need to answer that, is there? You aren’t nearly as valuable as
Sudou right now. It’s time you get the fact that you’re completely useless
through your skull. Sudou’s methods are clumsy, sure, but he’s contributed
more to our class than anyone else in this festival. And he’s been trying his
absolute hardest to win. Is it really okay for you to give up on him just
because you claim you can’t afford to care about other people? You’re going
to let him sit this out?”
Horikita had to understand that much. Even if what I said hurt her, she
needed to wake up. I wanted her to acknowledge exactly what she had to do
from this point on.
“This is so obvious that even an elementary school kid should get it.
There’s only one thing we can do to prepare a counterattack.” Ryuuen had
strategically taken out Sudou, which meant that we had to strategically get
Sudou back.
“You’re throwing away a chance to obtain a weapon that belongs to
you, and you alone,” I said.
“A weapon for me alone?”
“If you’re aiming for Class A, there’s a limit to how much you can do
on your own. Right now, you’re in a situation where you can’t do much of
anything. You’re going to face more and more exams like this in the future.
When those take place, Sudou will definitely become a valuable asset. For
you to make use of that asset, what should you do right now? Pray that your
injured leg heals miraculously?”
Just as I used Hirata and Karuizawa as my weapons, Horikita had the
opportunity to obtain a weapon of her own. It would be foolish for her to let
that chance go by.
“I…”
“I’ll let you think about it. That’s my only advice.”
There was nothing more for me to tell her. Right now, Horikita needed
Page 128
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
defeat and rebirth.
Page 129
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
6.10
 
The morning half of the sports festival ended with Class D stuck in
the worst-possible position. Since we were free to do what we wanted during
the break, some people ate lunch in the cafeteria as usual, while others ate at
a designated space on the field. The festival seemed to afford more
opportunities to eat together with upperclassmen regardless of gender.
If we were asked what we liked best about the sports festival, it would
probably be the lunch. A mountain of bento boxes had been provided. The
meals weren’t made in the school cafeteria, but were high-quality catering
brought in from outside campus. Only one type of lunch was free, so nearly
everyone chose that option. Some students left the field without touching the
lunchboxes, though, and Horikita was among them. Perhaps my words had
finally reached her, and she was looking for Sudou.
Kushida also abstained. After telling some other girls that she was
going to look for Sudou, she took off.
“Gah! God, I’m so tired! Why do I gotta suffer through this, dude?!”
Ike cried.
“Because you lost!”
After losing at rock-paper-scissors, Yamauchi went off to grab
everyone’s lunches. “Man, I’m starving. I’m gonna inhale this!”
Ike and Yamauchi showed no real interest in Sudou’s whereabouts.
Since they’d known Sudou since day one, they understood his personality all
too well. They weren’t going to chase after him.
Sudou’s absence would be bad for the Red Team. Then again, some
people probably felt grateful that his reign of terror had ended. Most of the
girls had seen him punch Hirata. Any minor goodwill people might have
developed for Sudou had gone completely out the window.
“Let’s just find someplace to eat for now.”
As the three of us decided to move, Hirata showed up with several
guys and girls in tow. “Is it okay if we come along, too?” he asked Ike and
Yamauchi.
Yamauchi and Ike were momentarily shocked that Hirata was reaching
out to them, since the three weren’t normally close friends. However, with
cute girls in Hirata’s group, they had no reason to object.
“Yeah, dude.”
Page 130
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Our group now contained ten people, including both guys and girls.
After finding a suitable spot, we started eating. As people finished up, Hirata
and Karuizawa approached me. Smartly done; with a bunch of classmates
around, it wouldn’t look odd or unnatural for such a trio to form.
“Looks like Ryuuen-kun’s making his move, as expected,” said Hirata.
“So, who’s the traitor? You know, don’t you, Yousuke-kun?” asked
Karuizawa.
Hirata just gently shook his head. “There are several things I don’t
understand.”
“Well, I can’t say who the traitor is,” I told them.
“Huh? Why?” asked Karuizawa.
“Because, right now, we’d only throw the class into even more turmoil
by identifying them. We need to deal with the traitor quietly and calmly,” I
told them.
“Okay. I won’t hound you. But why did you submit the participation
table to the school when you knew there was a traitor? Couldn’t we have
adjusted the table ourselves? We could have flipped the script on Class C,”
said Hirata.
“Probably,” I said. In truth, I’d wanted Horikita to discover the spy and
deal with it appropriately.
“Wait. The traitor might be someone nearby, right? It might even be
someone among us right now. Can we afford to take it this easy?” asked
Karuizawa.
She scanned her surroundings, suspecting everyone at the gathering.
Traitors were certainly troublesome, but depending on the circumstances, it
could be more convenient just to leave them alone.
Besides, even if we’d used Hirata’s strategy, it probably wouldn’t have
worked against Ryuuen. Right now, it would be difficult to make Hirata and
Karuizawa understand why, so I lied instead.
“I’ve taken stock of the traitor’s moral fiber,” I said.
“Moral fiber?”
“I think they want to reform without being cornered.”
Hirata stared at me intently. “And this is all on Horikita’s orders, right,
Ayanokouji-kun?”
If Hirata was already suspicious of me, then he would soon no longer
trust me. Even so, I needed him to believe me right now, if only for
appearances’ sake.
Page 131
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Yeah. Everything is going according to Horikita’s plan.”
Hirata didn’t question me any further. He seemed convinced.
“So, where is Horikita-san? What’s she doing?” asked Karuizawa.
“Something only she can do. At least, I hope that’s what she’s doing,” I
said.
“Wait. Are you talking about Sudou-kun?” Hirata glanced around,
noticing that Horikita and Sudou were nowhere in sight.
“Without Sudou, it won’t be easy for us to win the second half of the
sports festival, right?” I asked.
“Yeah. We’re relying on Sudou-kun,” said Hirata.
Karuizawa looked a little dissatisfied by the prospect, but she
understood. The sports festival’s outcome now depended on Horikita. If my
words hadn’t reached her, it was game over.
Page 132
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 133
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Chapter 7:
For Whose Sake?
 
I headed toward the nurse’s office alone, feeling battered and bruised
after Ayanokouji-kun’s verbal beatdown. Since he usually followed his so-
called policy of noninterference, I never would’ve imagined he would speak
to me like that. I’d been so shocked, I couldn’t give him a satisfactory
answer.
“No, that’s not it,” I said to myself.
Ayanokouji-kun had been absolutely right, and I’d had nothing to say
in reply.
“Tch.”
At any rate, if I would be chasing after Sudou-kun, I had to take care of
my leg, which still wouldn’t move as well as I wanted. Emergency medical
treatment was available on the field, but I wanted to avoid standing out as
much as possible. Instead, I headed to the nurse’s office at the school.
When I got to the infirmary, I saw that someone else was already there.
Of the three available beds, one was curtained off. I couldn’t see who was in
it.
“How’s it look, sensei?” I asked.
During our brief break before lunch, I’d had an emergency first aid
staff member tape my leg, but that only had a minimal effect.
After inspecting my leg, the nurse looked up. “I already said this, but
participating in more competitions will be difficult.”
The nurse had diagnosed me with a sprain, and it didn’t seem to be
getting any better or worse. At this point, I could only barely run, but at least
I could run. I just couldn’t summon up enough strength to win a race. I’d
desperately fought to make it through the individual competitions, but the
events for recommended participants would likely be even more difficult. If I
took part, I’d never win. I couldn’t let that happen.
“Do you plan to take part in the recommended-participant events?”
“I was planning to, but I think I’ve changed my mind. If I tried to
participate with my leg like this, I’d only drag the rest of my class down,” I
said.
“That’s a wise decision.”
Fortunately, I’d obtained numerous points during previous exams.
Page 134
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Even if I withdrew, I could compensate for my absence. If I prepared a
substitute participant to take my place for all three competitions, the total cost
would come out to 300,000 points. That was no small expense, but if it would
raise our class’s chances of victory even a little, then I had to pay it. My
dream of running alongside my brother would end, though.
Well, worrying about personal issues was meaningless. What mattered
was who my substitute would be.
“Thank you very much.”
With that, I left the infirmary. I headed toward the main entrance to
make my way back to the field. In the window, I saw my limping reflection.
Feeling pathetic, I bit my lip. I did suspect Kinoshita-san of tripping me, but I
was to blame for falling and getting injured. There was no changing that.
I tried my hardest to appear calm and collected, so that others wouldn’t
notice my pain. When I was just about to go back outside, Kushida-san ran
up to me in a panic.
“I’m so glad I found you, Horikita-san! I need to talk to you about
something,” she said.
“What is it? I have some business I need to take care of.”
“Okay. This isn’t a good place to talk, though. Sorry. Would you mind
coming with me? Things are going to get difficult,” said Kushida.
“Can’t you explain here? I’ll decide after hearing how difficult this is,”
I answered.
After Kushida-san looked around, she whispered in my ear. “It sounds
as though Kinoshita-san actually suffered a serious injury. It’s bad enough
that she can’t even get up right now. So, that’s why…well, Kinoshita-san
wants to talk to you, Horikita-san.”
I couldn’t hide my surprise. “Where is she?”
“This way.”
Kushida led me back to the nurse’s office.
Page 135
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
7.1
 
When I returned to the infirmary, Chabashira-sensei was there.
“Good. I was just saying that you’d barely missed Horikita-san,” the
nurse said to her.
“I had Kushida fetch you. Looks like she was quick about it,” said
Chabashira-sensei. Kushida-san listened to the adults talk, appearing uneasy.
“What in the world is going on?” I asked.
Behind that closed-off curtain I’d noticed earlier, I could hear someone
sobbing. Chabashira-sensei pulled the curtain open, giving me a glimpse of
Kinoshita-san, who lay in the bed. Then she let the curtain fall back into
place and gestured me into the hallway.
“Kinoshita fell on the obstacle course this morning. Do you remember
that?”
“Of course. She bumped into me,” I replied.
“Well, Kinoshita says that you deliberately knocked her down,
Horikita.”
For an instant, I couldn’t understand what Chabashira-sensei was
saying.
“That’s not true at all. It was completely by accident. If anything, it—”
“‘If anything, it’ what?”
I’d been about to say that it was part of Ryuuen-kun’s strategy, as
Ayanokouji-kun stated. I believed that Ayanokouji-kun was completely right,
but we had no proof.
“Never mind. It was just a coincidence, that’s all.”
“I’d like to believe that, but the situation isn’t good. Kinoshita claims
that, during the race, you repeatedly looked back at her. We checked the
video footage, and you certainly did look back twice,” said Chabashira-
sensei.
“That’s because she called my name,” I replied.
“She called your name? I see. Even if that’s true, though, she claims
you kicked her. In fact, she’s been absent from all the subsequent
competitions. We had a teacher inspect her injuries, which appear rather
severe. They believe those were caused intentionally.”
“Even if she’s badly injured, she’s still lying. I didn’t do anything,” I
replied.
Page 136
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“I believe you’re innocent, but as long as we have no proof one way or
the other, we must consider the matter,” said Chabashira-sensei.
“That’s idiotic.”
“That’s not all. The other teachers already know about this, of course.
But, if this drags on, the student council will hear of it. You haven’t forgotten
what happened to Sudou after his fight, have you?”
If this continued, my brother would hear about the incident. He’d feel
irritated and ashamed of his idiotic little sister. However, since I was
innocent, I had no choice but to plead that innocence. Whether this was
Ryuuen-kun’s strategy or just an unfortunate accident, I couldn’t lie.
“If you called me here to ask what happened, I told you the truth. I
didn’t do anything. Now, I have some business to take care of, so if you’d
excuse me?”
I needed to find Sudou-kun as quickly as possible and bring him back.
But, as I turned to leave, Chabashira-sensei spoke.
“Under the circumstances, it would probably be easy for the school to
believe that the incident was intentional rather than accidental. Kinoshita-san
has been absent from festival events ever since the obstacle course. If we
prove that you committed foul play, that will invalidate the scores you’ve
acquired thus far, and you won’t take part in the recommended-participant
events. Well, with your leg in that condition, I suppose participating would be
impossible anyway, but… Kinoshita is an athletic student. In terms of speed,
she’s as good or better than you. It’s hard to believe that her injuries are a
mere coincidence.”
“I was going to withdraw from the recommended-participant events,
anyway. I don’t mind being marked absent for those events, like Kinoshita-
san. However, I didn’t intentionally cause her to fall and get injured.”
I wondered whether that would be enough.
“Kinoshita won’t accept that,” Chabashira-sensei replied. “She says
she’ll report this incident to the school. Her testimony, and the footage, make
this fairly damning. From her perspective, she’s suffered a massive loss.
Class C is also in a tough spot due to Kinoshita’s absence, and it seems
unlikely that they’d sabotage themselves like that on purpose. You
understand what this means, right?”
“It’s a case of the Devil’s Proof, isn’t it?”
A logical dilemma as old as time. To prove that aliens existed, all you
had to do was capture one alien. But to conclusively prove that aliens didn’t
Page 137
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
exist, you’d have to search every inch of the entire planet and of outer space
itself, which would frankly be an impossible task. That was the definition of
the Devil’s Proof.
Chabashira-sensei was saying that, if it was impossible to prove my
innocence, I’d need to prepare myself.
“How did you hear about this, Chabashira-sensei? Who else knows?” I
asked.
“Kushida consulted me on the matter. She said she didn’t want it to
blow up, but didn’t know what else to do.”
“Sorry, Horikita-san. Kinoshita-san asked me to talk to a teacher,” said
Kushida.
“I appreciate your concern. If a teacher from another class heard about
Kinoshita-san’s claim, this might have escalated quickly. However, I have
some questions. Why exactly did you hear about this from Kinoshita-san?” I
pressed Kushida-san.
She anxiously looked toward the infirmary. “I’m good friends with
Kinoshita-san. When I went to check on her during our break, she told me.”
“I see.”
It was a believable reason, considering that Kushida-san had a vast
social network. At any rate, the only ones who knew about the accusation
right now were Kinoshita-san, Kushida-san, Chabashira-sensei, and me. I
wanted to resolve this here and now.
“May I speak with Kinoshita-san?” I asked.
“I’m not sure about that. She seems frightened, and might be
emotionally unstable,” replied Kushida.
“Please. I don’t want to aggravate things,” I said.
I bowed, and Kushida-san bowed her head in return.
“Please allow me to do this, sensei,” I said.
“Okay. I’ll let you try,” replied Chabashira-sensei.
At that moment, I heard the sound of footsteps in the hallway.
Someone was walking straight toward the nurse’s office. He had both hands
in his pockets, strutting around as if he owned the place.
“Looks like things have gotten really serious.”
“Ryuuen-kun…”
Why was he here? I did my best to shake off any confusion, trying to
appear calm and collected. However, Ryuuen-kun sneered and stopped right
in front of us. He saw through my act.
Page 138
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“I rushed over after Kinoshita asked for me. To think someone did this
on purpose…” He passed us and entered the nurse’s office.
We followed him in a panic. Ryuuen-kun ignored the nurse’s attempts
to stop him and opened the curtain to Kinoshita-san’s bed.
“Hey, Kinoshita. You all right? Looks like you’ve had a rough time,”
he said.
Kinoshita-san looked startled upon seeing Ryuuen-kun. She trembled
in fear.
“I heard your leg was injured. Show me.” He pulled Kinoshita-san’s
leg out from beneath the sheets. “Whoa, this looks bad. I’m impressed you’ve
held up, considering all you’re dealing with.”
Kinoshita-san’s right leg was bandaged tightly. Her injury looked
painful.
Page 139
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 140
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Sorry. I tried my best, but…my leg just won’t listen. That’s why—
hng!”
“Don’t blame yourself, Kinoshita. I know you wanted to participate in
the three-legged race,” said Ryuuen.
“We ran into each other by accident, Kinoshita-san. Why are you
saying that I made you fall?” I interrupted.
Kinoshita averted her eyes. Ryuuen-kun stood in front of me. “You
really did this on purpose, didn’t you?” he asked me.
“Stop joking around. You think I’d do something like this?”
“You can never really know someone, can you? Convenient, isn’t it?
Kinoshita-san, who just so happens to be better at sports than you, suffers a
serious injury and has to withdraw. She was going to compete in all the
recommended-participant events, too. Meanwhile, you continue taking part
despite your injuries. I’m not supposed to find that suspicious?” he said.
I understood all too well the significance of losing a teammate. But,
after hearing the eloquent speech Ryuuen had prepared, my doubts about him
only grew. Had Kinoshita-san purposefully run into me on his orders? Had he
chosen her specifically to collide with me, since she was more athletic than I,
and Ryuuen could deflect any suspicion?
But what did he stand to gain from having Kinoshita-san run into me,
when she had a higher chance of winning the race to begin with?
Furthermore, if she’d planned to take part in all the recommended-participant
events, Class C would lose about 400,000 points paying for her substitute
competitors. Would Ryuuen make such a sacrifice simply to defeat me and
bask in his superiority?
No matter how hard I thought, I couldn’t find any benefits in such an
ineffective plan.
“What are you thinking?” Ryuuen-kun asked. He leaned toward me,
hands in his pockets, looking as though he saw right through me. “We can
keep going back and forth on this, but it won’t settle anything. Isn’t that right,
Kinoshita?”
“Horikita-san…” Kinoshita hesitated. “When I fell, you said…that I
definitely wouldn’t win.”
“I said no such thing. Why are you lying?” I asked.
“Horikita, you only looked behind you when you raced with Kinoshita.
Why did you do that?” Chabashira-sensei asked me again.
“Because she kept calling my name when she was behind me. At first I
Page 141
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
ignored her, but then I thought something was strange, turned, and looked
back.”
“Is that true, Kinoshita?”
“I never called her name,” Kinoshita said.
“She denies it, sensei. Besides, even if Kinoshita did call Suzune’s
name, what’s the big deal? That doesn’t constitute foul play. It was probably
a cry of desperation, born from a desire to win. I mean, Kinoshita has way
more spirit than anyone else. She’s strong-willed and hates to lose. That’s not
a crime,” said Ryuuen.
This argument would go on forever. Besides, I was positive that
Ryuuen and Kinoshita had rehearsed this whole act in secret.
“Um…Kinoshita-san, Ryuuen-kun, I think this is all just bad luck. I
can’t imagine that Horikita-san would deliberately hurt her opponent.”
Kushida-san spoke up quietly in my defense.
“But Horikita-san said that she definitely wouldn’t let me win! She
said that!”
“Don’t you think your desire not to lose just got to you? I mean, I think
that Horikita-san was really upset when she fell. I think she was just trying
her best,” said Kushida.
I didn’t say anything. I endured in silence. However, Kinoshita-san
spoke again.
“I can’t forgive Horikita-san for this. Now I have to take a break from
track and field practice,” she said.
“Don’t you feel any shame at all?” I asked. “Is lying like this to entrap
someone fun for you? Or did Ryuuen-kun devise all this? I can’t imagine it
was coincidental that he just happened to show up right now.” Kinoshita-san
was lying. I needed to wrangle control of the conversation before things got
worse.
“So, you’re saying it’s my fault that Kinoshita got hurt?” Ryuuen asked
me. “You really are a piece of work, aren’t you?”
“Please. You messed with Sudou-kun earlier. Don’t pretend you forgot
about that. You’re just trying to use the same trick this time around.”
“I had nothing to do with that. It’s ridiculous to try and tie those things
together, anyway.” Ryuuen wasn’t about to admit anything. “It’s clear you
did this, isn’t it? You bumped into Kinoshita deliberately. It’s an open-and-
shut case. There’s no room for any further debate, so let’s report this to the
higher-ups right away.”
Page 142
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“That’s… Would you let me talk things over a little more with
Horikita-san, please?” Kushida begged Ryuuen-kun. I wanted to tell her that
concern was unnecessary, but I didn’t want this issue to get more out of hand.
I was trapped in a spider’s web, and all I could do was struggle.
Ryuuen-kun appeared to consider her request, then made a proposal.
“I don’t have the time to drag this out,” he said. “The recommended-
participant competitions are coming up right after lunch. I’ll be competing in
those, so I’d like to finish this. It’d be easiest to leave the judgment to the
higher-ups.”
Looking at me, Kushida-san, and Kinoshita-san, Ryuuen-kun
continued. “We can strike a quick deal, though.”
“Strike a deal?” I asked.
“You should compensate Kinoshita and Class C for any losses.”
“This isn’t a joke. I don’t have to listen to this,” I replied. If he wanted
that, the cost wouldn’t be cheap. Besides, it would mean accepting their lie as
truth.
“You won’t strike a deal, and you don’t want us to report this to the
higher-ups? Then we’re done here.”
“What exactly do you want, then?” Kushida-san asked Ryuuen-kun.
“At least one of you has a good grasp of things. Let’s see. If you hand
over a million points, I’ll have Kinoshita withdraw her complaint. That way,
we can prepare a substitute for the recommended-participant events, and
Kinoshita will receive some incidental income. Simple, right?”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” I said. “I haven’t done anything wrong. I don’t
need to pay one single point.”
“Then go ahead and prove that, Suzune. Lay it all out in black and
white for us.”
“You two sound sure of yourselves. You think your lies won’t be
exposed?”
“We can prove that we aren’t lying. Let’s hurry up and have the
student council president render his judgment,” said Ryuuen.
Ryuuen-kun knew about my relationship with the president, my older
brother, and was provoking me. I absolutely couldn’t do anything to trouble
my brother. If the rumor spread that his little sister deliberately hurt someone,
it would do immeasurable damage to his reputation.
It was a dirty trick, but there was no way out of it. Back when the boys
from the basketball club had attacked Sudou-kun, they lied and pretended to
Page 143
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
be victims. Their mistake had been thinking that no one else was watching.
However, this was different.
This time, the entire student body was a witness. Ryuuen had the
advantage. Kinoshita-san was just as athletic as I was, if not more so, and
there was video evidence that showed me looking back. Also, Kinoshita-san
had planned to take part in all the recommended-participant events. She’d
sustained injuries severe enough to prevent her from competing. There was
nothing I could do to save myself.
Worst of all was the timing with which they’d sprung their trap. They
hadn’t done it right after Kinoshita-san was injured. Instead, Ryuuen had her
lay low, so that her performance would be more convincing. By having her
stoically bear the pain, they made their plot look like the truth.
Everything they’d done had been meant to trap me, as though they
were weaving a net to catch me in.
The situation had already passed the point of no return. They’d been
plotting since the moment I entered the festival. I understood the full extent
of my mistake now, although I still felt baffled by the many remaining
mysteries.
“Um…could I use my points, Ryuuen-kun?” Kushida-san asked.
“Huh?”
“I don’t believe Horikita-san would do something like this on purpose.
That’s why I don’t want this to turn into a big deal. But…I don’t think
Kinoshita-san would lie, either. Couldn’t it just be an unfortunate accident?”
“Oh, that’s quaint. Sorry—using your points is a no-go. I believe
Suzune did this out of malicious intent, to hurt Class C. This apology is
meaningless unless we get money out of her. Of course, I won’t stop you if
you’re willing to pay up, too,” said Ryuuen.
The longer this went on, the worse things would get. But I couldn’t
break.
“Very well. Kinoshita, we’re going to report this to the teachers, then
to the student council.” Ryuuen-kun ordered. Kinoshita, her face twisted in
pain, sat up. “The school officials should understand how serious this is,” he
added. “They certainly wouldn’t stand for something so mean-spirited and
vicious.”
I had to choose. I could pursue the truth, disputing Ryuuen-kun and his
lackey’s claims. Or I could compromise right here. I wanted to do the former,
but I had no evidence to prove the truth. I would only be wasting time and
Page 144
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
everyone’s trust.
I had to strike a deal with Ryuuen-kun right here.
“Wait.” I squeezed out the word.
Ryuuen-kun and Kinoshita-san stopped walking. “What is it, Suzune?”
he asked. “Have anything to contribute?”
“If I pay you, you’ll make it so this issue never happened, right?”
“You’re admitting to foul play?”
“No, because I’m not a liar.”
“Well then, why exactly are you paying us?”
“Your strategy beat mine. That’s why,” I said. It was humiliating, but it
was true.
“Did you hear that, Kinoshita? She doesn’t think she’s in the wrong.
Can you forgive her?”
“No, I can’t,” Kinoshita-san replied.
“Well, there you go.” he told me.
“Grr…” I growled.
“Still, I know that you have your pride, too,” he added. “I understand
that you don’t want to admit you’re the bad guy in front of your teacher and
your friend. That’s why I’ll accept your offer. I have a kind heart, after all.
However, whether Kinoshita will accept your apology is another story.”
He flashed me a wicked grin. I wanted to be free of this.
“If I pay you a million points, you’ll act like nothing ever happened.
That’s what you said. No other conditions, right?” I asked.
“That was certainly the previous offer. You declined it once, right? If
we’re going into a second round of negotiations, I have more conditions.”
Just how much did Ryuuen-kun intend to torture me?
“How about you get down on your knees and beg? Maybe then my
feelings, and Kinoshita’s, will change.”
“Ryuuen. This is going too far.” Chabashira-sensei finally spoke up.
“Teachers should stay out of this. It’s a problem between students,”
Ryuuen-kun replied. He showed no fear at all. “Well, I won’t force you to
decide right away,” he told me. “The teachers are watching us, too. I’ll wait
to hear your answer when the sports festival ends. Will you kneel before me
and offer a million points, or will you let the school deliberate? Which will
you choose?”
He added, “Don’t think that this ends with the sports festival, either.
I’m not done with you. Kushida, bring Suzune to me after the festival.”
Page 145
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Ryuuen-kun and Kinoshita-san both left. I stood there, at a loss.
“Are you okay? Horikita-san?” Kushida-san asked.
“I’m okay. More importantly, how long has it been? Sensei, how much
time is left for our lunch break?” I asked.
“You still have about twenty minutes. You haven’t eaten yet, right?
You should hurry up,” said Chabashira-sensei.
I didn’t have the time to sit down and eat now. I had to find Sudou-kun
as soon as possible.
“Excuse me.”
I left the two of them behind and ran from the nurse’s office.
Page 146
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
7.2
 
This was all due to my carelessness. I’d only thought of myself. I
hadn’t anticipated that Ryuuen-kun would get hold of our participation table
with the primary intention of taking me down. I wasn’t prepared.
I was miserable. My stride felt heavier than before.
“I’m so pathetic.”
As I approached the school entrance, I saw two people walk inside. I
ordinarily would have ignored them, but these two were different.
“Big brother…” I barely whispered it, my words quickly disappearing
into the ether. The school’s student council president, my older brother. With
him was a girl from the student council, Secretary Tachibana.
Tachibana noticed me, but my brother didn’t even glance my way. I
was used to that treatment from him. Honestly, I wanted to talk to him, but as
a Class D disgrace, I didn’t have the right. I cast my eyes downward. My
brother wasn’t going to stop for me, anyway.
At least, that was what I thought. But then…
“Do you understand Class D’s situation right now?”
He was speaking to me.
“I’m starting to,” I responded.
It was an honest answer. I’d done everything wrong, made every
mistake. In every possible way, Class C had outsmarted me.
“Don’t worry. I won’t bother you, big brother.”
I’d do what I had to do. Ryuuen wanted me to kneel before him and
offer up a million points. Considering that Chabashira-sensei had witnessed
that whole thing, he probably wouldn’t change his mind at the eleventh hour.
I was all right with that, as long as it meant I wasn’t causing trouble for my
big brother. But I wanted to have a proper conversation, not something like
this. I’d hoped to have that chance during the final relay.
That dream had vanished when I injured my leg. I couldn’t expect any
sympathy from my brother, and I had nothing left to lose. Besides, there was
still one last thing I could do.
“Please excuse me,” I said.
I rushed through the entranceway and headed outside. Despite the pain
in my leg, I ran everywhere, looking for Sudou-kun. However, it would take
more time than I had to scout a campus this large. When only ten minutes
Page 147
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
remained, I returned to the field. Maybe Sudou-kun had come back after all.
He’d been trying his hardest to take first place out of the entire school. I
hoped he still wanted that.
But it was no use. He wasn’t on the field.
“So, he didn’t come back.”
Then, he…Ayanokouji-kun…appeared right before me. “You sound
like you’re out of breath,” he said.
“I’m looking for Sudou-kun. He hasn’t shown up, has he?”
“Nope. Does this mean you want to talk to him?”
“Yes. He’s a valuable asset. I accept it, even though I don’t like it,” I
replied.
“And that means?” Ayanokouji-kun seemed to notice how poorly I was
doing, but there was no use telling him about Ryuuen-kun. What could he
have done, anyway? I wanted to keep that embarrassment between Kushida-
san, Chabashira-sensei, and myself.
Our break was nearly over, but no one had seen any sign of Sudou-kun.
Class D was in dire straits already, but in Sudou-kun’s absence, our defeat
became a certainty.
“Do you have any idea where Sudou might be?” Ayanokouji-kun asked
me. “Time is almost up.”
“No, I don’t. But there’re only so many places he can go. If he wants
privacy, he probably returned to his dorm room,” I replied.
“Is your leg all right?”
“No, but I can run. Are you coming?”
“I’ll pass. I’d only end up getting in your way.”
“I see.” I swallowed the pain and started walking.
Page 148
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 149
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Chapter 8:
What You and I Lack
 
The bell rang, and the second half of the sports festival began. It was
time for the recommended participants’ events. Only elite students from each
class would take part in the remaining four competitions.
“You’re participating in the scavenger hunt, right, Ayanokouji-kun?”
“I’d rather not, if possible.” There was nothing I could do about it,
though. I’d lost at rock-paper-scissors.
“The problem is that Sudou-kun’s not here.”
Since Sudou was gone, he’d simply be marked absent. Had we
prepared a substitute competitor? Horikita also had yet to return to our camp.
Hopefully, that meant that things were proceeding well.
“If it’s all right with you, I’d like your opinion on something,
Ayanokouji-kun. I would’ve asked Horikita-san as well, but she’s not here.”
“Hirata, you don’t need my opinion to make a sound decision, right?”
“I think we need a substitute. In the individual competitions, our class
ranks right at the bottom. To win in overall points, we need to win the next
events,” he replied.
“In that case, who do we choose as the substitute?”
“We need 100,000 points to put in a substitute. I’ll figure something
out with the points. I think we’d do well substituting Ike-kun or Yamauchi-
kun,” said Hirata.
“That’s because, if they do happen to take first place, they’ll be able to
put points toward their tests. Right?”
“Yeah. We can use that to our advantage.”
That was a good plan for the scavenger hunt, in which luck had a
significant part in the outcome. Ike and Yamauchi played a round of rock-
paper-scissors. In the end, Ike won, and triumphantly joined the scavenger
hunt team. “All right. I’ll do my best, for Sudou’s sake!”
He seemed to have fighting spirit to spare, at least.
The referees explained the competition before it started. “Some items
in the scavenger hunt are quite difficult to procure. To pick a new item, you
can request a redraw, but there will be a thirty-second waiting period. You
must make your redraw request to the referee when you draw your lot during
the competition. The game ends when three players reach the goal. That’s
Page 150
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
all.”
After that explanation, we started getting ready for the second-round
scavenger hunt, which I was participating in.
“Hey.” Someone called to me. I didn’t even need to look to know that
it was Ryuuen.
“So, that muscle-headed moron won’t be participating in the scavenger
hunt, huh? I thought he’d take part for sure. Suzune’s not here, either. They
couldn’t be doing each other backstage, right?”
“No idea. That has nothing to do with me,” I replied.
“What a shitty answer.” Losing interest in me, Ryuuen left. It looked as
though he would be running in the second race, too.
Pretty soon, the first race started. The other classes had put forward
their more athletic students, so Ike was overtaken right at the start. But speed
wasn’t all that counted in the scavenger hunt—the real deciding factor was
which item you drew. Ike chose his lot and checked the contents.
The students in the lead searched this way and that way, leaving the
field to find their items.
“Whoooooooa!” Ike struck a victory pose and took off running back
toward the starting point. “Ayanokouji! Lend me your left foot! Your left
foot!”
“My left foot?”
“Your shoe, dude! Your shoe! That’s my item!”
Ike showed me a slip of paper with the words “Your classmate’s left
foot (shoe)” written on it.
“If I give it to you, I can’t run anymore, though.”
“Geh?!”
He couldn’t use a competitor’s shoe. Ike panicked and rushed toward
the camp. However, it looked as though the other students were also having a
hard time with the scavenger hunt, since no one was heading toward the goal.
Thanks to his luck during the draw, Ike—somehow—ultimately found
his way into first place. “Not bad, not bad at all,” he said.
Moments later, Class A came in second, followed by Class B, and then
Class C in last place. Soon afterward came the signal for the start of the
second race. I went to draw a lot, lagging slightly behind the other students.
I reached inside the box, touching several slips of paper in turn.
Carefully, I took one out and unfolded it. “Now then, what will mine say?”
“Ten friends.”
Page 151
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“You’re kidding, right?” I felt myself blacking out. Just one friend
would have been bad enough, but ten? They had to be screwing with me,
right? I couldn’t even think of ten people I was on speaking terms with.
“Dude, why are you spacing out? Hurry up, Ayanokouji!” Ike sounded
a little full of himself, still on a high from taking first place. But there was
nothing I could do. Two of the only classmates I could count as friends,
Horikita and Sudou, were absent. Since Ichinose and Kanzaki were currently
my enemies, I couldn’t count them, either.
“I’d like to request a change.”
The other students were already running off to find their items. In
accordance with the rules, I waited thirty seconds, then redrew my lot.
“A person you love.”
“No, no, no. No, no, no, no.”
What in the world was up with the slips I had drawn? They were
screwing with me.
“Ch-change, please.”
I could sense Class D’s confusion, but there really was nothing I could
do. If I showed that slip of paper to a member of the opposite sex, it would
have been the same as confessing romantic feelings for them. Even if I lied
and asked them to play along, it would have been incredibly embarrassing.
So, before I could even start looking for my item, I had to take on a one-
minute handicap.
“A table clock.”
My third draw finally produced something I could actually obtain, but
I’d have to go inside the school to find a table clock. I checked the teachers’
tent, just in case, but came up empty-handed. While I did that, the other three
contestants reached the goal.
“This isn’t good.”
Lady Luck had snubbed me, and I came in last.
Page 152
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
8.1
 
The afternoon competitions would be starting right about now. At
least I’d found the red-haired student I was looking for sitting on a sofa in the
dormitory lobby.
“Sudou-kun.” I called out gently, so as not to startle him. He turned to
look at me.
“Horikita.” He appeared surprised. He probably simply hadn’t
expected me to show up. “Why are you here? Don’t tell me you came to
persuade me to go back?”
“Do I look like the type to come all the way here to persuade you?”
“That… No, you don’t. So, did you come here just to scold me or
somethin’?”
“I don’t know about that. I must admit that I’m not sure what to say at
all.”
“Huh?” Sudou-kun tilted his head like he didn’t quite understand. I
wondered why that was. I’d finally found Sudou-kun, and I felt as though I
couldn’t really say anything. I tried to remember why I’d tried so hard to
find him.
“If you stay out of the competitions, Class D has no hope of winning.”
“Probably not. Guess we’re in a lot of trouble right now, huh?”
“Yes. We’re at the very bottom of the rankings. To turn things around,
we need to take first place in all the recommended-participant events. Even
then, we won’t make the top spot.”
Despite having excellent athletes like Sudou-kun, Class D as a whole
was clearly inferior in this sports festival.
“And after I carried everyone on my back. That Hirata,” Sudou-kun
huffed.
“He did nothing wrong by stopping you from going on a rampage. On
the contrary, you should be grateful to him. If you’d hit Ryuuen-kun, you
might have been disqualified,” I replied.
“I just couldn’t stand being on the receiving end of that. What Ryuuen
did was foul play.”
“You may be a bit of a problem child, but you certainly gave it your all
today,” I said.
Sudou hadn’t acted like himself. That alone was a miracle. For his
Page 153
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
classmates’ sake, he’d been as good a leader as he knew how to be. He was
hot-headed, as usual, but at the root of that was a desire to win. He’d
performed excellently in the group events, and I needed to acknowledge his
worth.
“That said, there’s still a lot you need to work on,” I continued. “The
fact that you’re here alone right now is proof.”
“The heck does that mean?”
“If people could truly rely on and trust you, you’d have a lot of
classmates coming after you, not just me. People who wanted to convince
you to come back, I mean.”
Sudou-kun kicked the table in irritation.
“That’s the problem right there,” I continued. “You try to bully your
way through Class D. It happened during the midterm exams, and during the
dispute with Class C. Now you’ve snapped and flipped out.”
“You’re seriously tryin’ to preach to me? Give me a break, Horikita.
I’m really pissed,” Sudou grumbled. “Look, I messed up, but I just can’t stop
myself from doin’ it. Nothing to do in that case, right?”
“I thought you said you were going to carry everyone in the class?”
“I never said that. The other guys were asking me to, remember?” he
replied.
“Even so, you have a certain degree of responsibility.”
“God. Shut up, already. I don’t care about that,” he huffed.
“You’re as childish as always. That’s not going to work in the real
world, is it?”
“Shut up!” He shot me a fierce glare, as if trying to intimidate me into
being quiet. But I wasn’t going to give up.
If anyone else had been here, they probably would have caved. Seeing
that I didn’t waver, Sudou-kun lost his patience and looked away.
“Your weakness is completely obvious,” I said. “What will happen if
you don’t study? What will happen if you lash out? You lack the foresight to
think ahead.”
“Ah, enough already. Come on! Just leave me alone and knock it off!
Your preaching is gonna make me puke!”
I believed that Sudou-kun wanted to stay at this school and do well.
There had to be a reason he was the way he was. Unless I found the source of
that problem, he would be trapped in an endless cycle.
Even if he wanted to be alone, I couldn’t leave him. Right here and
Page 154
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
now, I would make myself understand him.
“If you don’t like it, feel free to hit me,” I said.
“Huh? What? You… There ain’t no way I could do somethin’ like
that!”
“Because I’m a woman? I’ve said this before, but I am quite strong. I’ll
knock you to the ground before your fist reaches me.”
“You’ll fight me? Man, you really are a weird lady. Well, like you
said, no one else came after me. But you did. Just you.”
Ayanokouji-kun had pushed me into it, but I didn’t feel the need to tell
Sudou-kun that. Perhaps Sudou-kun was tiring. He mumbled in a low voice
now, as though his anger was leaking away.
“I took the leader job because I thought the sports festival would be
easy as pie. I haven’t lost to anyone from the other classes. If we did the
individual competitions again, I wouldn’t lose to anybody. But when people
are draggin’ ya down in the team contests, there’s nothin’ you can do. We
lost capture the flag and the cavalry battle ’cause of those useless guys. I
couldn’t stand that.”
“I can tell just by looking at you that you hate losing when you’re good
at something. But is that all there is to it?” Something else was going on here.
Sudou-kun appeared lost in thought for a moment, then replied,
“Maybe I just wanted to see how it felt for people to pay attention to me and
give me some respect. I guess I wanted to show all the people who made fun
of me. Pretty lame, right?”
As he admitted his desires, and that he’d abandoned his goals, he
scratched his red-dyed hair.
“So, now I’m completely alone, huh? Well, that’s fine. Things’ll go
back to exactly how they were in junior high,” he added.
“…………”
I wondered if my words would reach his heart. Ayanokouji-kun had
verbally destroyed me in an argument, Ryuuen-kun had defeated me, and my
brother had abandoned me. I couldn’t believe for an instant that I had any
right to reprimand Sudou. I’d always considered him beneath me, but now I
felt as though that wasn’t true.
Sudou-kun was clumsy, the type of person to act impulsively. He had a
volatile personality. But, if I changed my perspective, I could see that he had
also been fighting all alone. The fact that he’d had the courage to confront his
loneliness meant he was far superior to me.
Page 155
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
I awkwardly continued our conversation. “You know, it’s strange. My
feelings are basically the same as yours.”
“Huh? Whaddya mean?”
“The feeling of wanting to be respected. The desire to fight alone. I
understand those,” I told him. “When I think back, there were signs. During
the midterm exams, I felt irritated at the students who couldn’t study, you
included. I got angry when they couldn’t do something so obvious. I didn’t
want to work with them at all. But in the sports festival, you performed
impeccably. You did a lot to carry our unathletic classmates.”
Academics and sports. Different as they were, the principles at the
heart of both were the same. What I’d felt toward Sudou-kun and the others
during the midterms was probably what Sudou-kun was feeling quite strongly
right now.
“Then you understand how I feel. Right now, I wanna be alone,” he
replied.
“And I truly, truly want to leave you be. But if we lose you now, Class
D’s defeat will be set in stone.” This wasn’t just Sudou-kun’s problem. It
would impact our whole class.
“You abandoned the class, though, just like me. Right? So, you don’t
got any right to lecture me,” he replied.
“No, I suppose not.”
That was why my words held no weight. Until this very moment, I’d
thought the same thing as Sudou-kun.
“You’re disappointed in me, right? I’m used to it,” he said, dejected. “I
was born to worthless people. That’s why I’m worthless, too. I came here
because I definitely didn’t wanna end up like my parents, but I’m turning out
just like them.”
“It’s incorrect to conclude that someone with worthless parents will
inevitably turn out worthless themselves. You can’t blame other people for
how you are or will be. I reject your hypothesis.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re still a nobody. Who you will become, though, depends on you
and only you. At the very least, you possess incredible athletic ability. You
have a rough manner of speaking, but you helped advise a lot of students
during practice. That shows me you’re not a worthless person. Right now,
though, you’re trying to run away. If you keep doing that, then you will be
worthless.”
Page 156
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Fine. Then just brand me worthless, already. Go ahead. I don’t even
care anymore,” he replied.
“So, you’re going to throw in the towel because things aren’t going
your way?”
No matter what I said to him, he wouldn’t respond. Perhaps I was
incapable of getting him to open up. The bell rang, signaling the end of lunch.
The afternoon competitions were about to begin. Sudou-kun definitely
wouldn’t make it back in time for the scavenger hunt.
“Go back, Horikita.”
“No. Not unless I bring you with me.”
“Fine, do what you want.” Sudou-kun headed toward the elevator.
“I’ll wait here. Forever.”
“Do what you want.”
I didn’t take my eyes off him until the elevator doors closed.
Page 157
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
8.2
 
“Ugh. Well, that was unfortunate. Just a bit more, and we might’ve
beaten Class B.”
“Yeah.”
Even with a substitute for Sudou, our opponents crushed us in the four-
way tug-of-war. As a result, we’d been knocked down to the bottom ranking.
We tried to coordinate better as a class, but Hirata got hit the hardest.
He’d shouldered the burden of paying for the substitutes, which cost him a lot
of points. We were in a desperate situation, and Sudou—our ace—was still
absent.
“I don’t think Sudou-kun’s coming back.”
“Hirata, are you going to pay for the next competition, too?”
“Yeah, I am. We need it,” he replied.
Hirata had paid three times so far, twice for Sudou and once for
Horikita, who’d also planned to participate in the four-way tug-of-war. That
was no small expense. If he had to pay for the next competition, the total
would be 500,000 points. No matter how many private points he said he had,
that was still far too much.
“Well, Sudou aside, Horikita should be able to repay you,” I said.
Fortunately, Horikita had obtained a ton of points from the last exam, much
like Hirata. “Shouldn’t you just let them bear the point burden this time? The
participants, I mean.”
“You might be right, but 100,000 points is a lot, and it’s hard to save
that many. Also, I’m the one who gave the go-ahead to use substitutes, so I
can’t exactly go asking for points,” he replied.
“Don’t you think the people who withdrew are the ones to blame?”
Besides, Sudou had punched Hirata. But Hirata didn’t really dwell on
that.
“I suppose there’s the class’s victory to think about, but if we place
well here, our winnings will give us an advantage on future tests. It’s better if
people participate. But if they have to pay their own way, a lot of students
will probably pass on subbing for Sudou.”
The students who most needed points for tests also suffered frequent
financial troubles. They couldn’t risk losing both money and test scores.
The only competitions that remained were the mixed-gender three-
Page 158
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
legged race and the last event, the 1200-meter relay. Hirata was going to see
if anyone wanted to participate, but at that moment, Kushida came running
over to him.
“Um, Hirata-kun, would you mind if I helped, too? I’d like to
participate in the three-legged race. Of course, I’ll pay the points for it. Is that
okay?”
“Huh?”
“I can’t let you bear this burden alone. Besides, I want to try my best
for the class, and for Horikita-san and Sudou-kun’s sake.”
“Since you’re pretty good at sports, Kushida-san, your offer is
welcome.”
“Thank you. I’ll go tell Chabashira-sensei that I’ll participate in
Horikita-san’s place, then,” said Kushida. With that, she ran off.
“Now for a guy. I’ll ask around,” said Hirata.
“Hey, Hirata. Could I go in as Sudou’s substitute? I’ll pay the points. I
can’t guarantee I’ll be much help, but I’ll try,” I said.
“Well… Yeah, sure. I don’t mind, of course, but…are you okay with
that?” asked Hirata.
“I don’t feel right making you shoulder this alone. Besides, I’m a little
anxious about the next test. I’d like to get at least one extra point.”
With Hirata’s permission granted, I chased after Kushida, interrupting
the conversation she was already having with Chabashira-sensei.
“So, you’re going to be Sudou’s substitute, Ayanokouji?” Chabashira-
sensei asked.
“Yes.”
“Rather unusual, since you tend to prefer watching on the sidelines.”
“You’re taking Sudou-kun’s place, then, Ayanokouji-kun? I’m looking
forward to racing with you!” said Kushida.
“Yeah, same. I’m not all that fast, though, so you’ll have to forgive
me,” I replied.
“In the three-legged race, coordination’s more important than simple
speed,” said Kushida.
“Yoo-hoo! Ayanokouji-kun! Oh, Kikyou-chan, too. Looks like we’re
competing in the same group, huh?” said Ichinose, walking up to us. Beside
her was her partner, Shibata.
“Oh, wow, real tough opponents!” Kushida said. “To think the two of
you are teaming up…”
Page 159
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Well, Shibata-kun might be tough, but I’m really not all that special,
you know? I haven’t gotten first place in anything yet,” said Ichinose.
“Really? Wow, that’s unexpected,” replied Kushida.
“I placed second one time, but I got fourth or fifth for all the rest of my
events. To tell you the truth, someone else was supposed to participate in this
three-legged race, but I guess she sprained her ankle before lunch. Quite a
few people got injured this year,” said Ichinose. Apparently, Class B had
some absentees of their own.
“Hey, Shibata-kun,” Ichinose said to her partner. “Is it okay if I tie the
cord now?”
“Okay.”
The Class B pair cheerily tied their legs together.
Page 160
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 161
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Well then, I suppose we should… Um, would it be okay if you tied us
up? It’d be weird for a guy to do that,” I told Kushida.
“Sure. But isn’t that strange? I mean, you tied the cord when you
practiced with Horikita-san, didn’t you, Ayanokouji-kun?” Wow, she really
had been observing the class like a hawk.
“She’s…well, an exception. I can’t act the same way around other
girls.”
“Are you saying Horikita’s special, then?”
It’d be more accurate to say she was someone with special status, but
that would be difficult to explain.
“Anyway, I can’t believe Horikita-san went off looking for Sudou-kun
like that,” Kushida commented. “It’s just that, well, she absolutely never cuts
class. She’s very conscientious. Don’t you think it’s odd?”
“Yeah, I was surprised.”
“You didn’t really look all that surprised, though.” As Kushida said
that, she crouched down and pulled the cord around my leg.
“I suppose it’s hard for people to read my face. Always has been.”
“You mean, you have a good poker face?”
“Kushida.”
“Hold on just a little longer, okay? I’ll be finished soon,” Kushida said
sweetly while she expertly tied the cord around our legs.
I decided to cut to the chase.
“It’s you. You’re the traitor who leaked Class D’s participation table to
Class C.”
“Come on, Ayanokouji-kun. What’s the matter with you? Even as a
joke, that’s a cruel thing to say,” she replied.
“I saw you. You took a picture with your phone of the participation
table we drew on the blackboard.”
“I did that to record the information, so I would remember.”
“Didn’t we all decide to write down our turns by hand, though?”
“Oh, really? Sorry, I forgot.” As Kushida finished tying us together,
she slowly stood, beaming her usual smile. “Is that all that made you suspect
me?”
“Sorry, but I’m sure I’m right. If it weren’t true, Class C couldn’t have
massacred us like this,” I replied.
It was rare for me to be standing this close to Kushida, just the two of
us. This was the perfect opportunity for a chat.
Page 162
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Um, but even if someone leaked Class D’s participation table, that
doesn’t necessarily mean Class C could crush us, right?” Kushida asked.
“That’s right.” Class C hadn’t been completely unmatched in every
competition, which made it difficult to level any accusations. Even if they’d
figured out Class D’s entire order, they still wouldn’t have known everything
about Classes A and B. However, the leak would’ve significantly raised Class
C’s chances of winning.
“Hey, Ayanokouji-kun. Assuming that I am responsible for leaking
Class D’s information… If my taking a picture led you to determine that, it
must mean you knew the participation table was leaked, right? In that case,
why didn’t you change the table after I took the picture? Couldn’t you have
submitted a new participation table later as a countermeasure? If you did that,
the picture I took would’ve been useless, don’t you think?”
“Pointless. That wouldn’t matter if the traitor was a Class D student.”
“What do you mean?”
“Say we altered the participation table just like you said, Kushida.
Even if we submitted the new table secretly, as long as the traitor was from
Class D, they could inspect the new list at any time. Anyone in our class had
the right to see it,” I replied.
“But if you hid the table until the last possible minute before
submitting it, even if someone did happen to see it, they wouldn’t have had
time to meddle.”
“That’s true enough, I suppose.”
“Ah, but doing something like that might end up throwing the rest of
the class into chaos later. That wouldn’t be good, either.”
Kushida was right. If we’d waited to submit the table just before the
deadline, like she said, we’d have reduced the likelihood of traitors—but also
severely confused our classmates. Likewise, the other students would’ve
resented us if we secretly changed the roster without consulting them. The
ideal countermeasure would have been to consider the possibility of a leak
from the very beginning, come up with multiple versions of the participation
table as a class, and submit one at random.
“I understand what you’re getting at, but I’m not the culprit, okay? I
don’t want to suspect any of my classmates, either,” said Kushida.
“In that case, how about we check with Chabashira-sensei? I’m sure
she can tell us whether any students specifically asked to see the participation
table after we submitted it,” I replied.
Page 163
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“…………”
Kushida shut her mouth. For the first time that day, her smile
disappeared. She’d just implicitly confirmed my suspicions. However, a thin
smile crept back onto her lips right away.
“Hee hee. You really aren’t an ordinary person, are you, Ayanokouji-
kun?”
She laughed. This was a face I’d seen before. The face of the secret
Kushida.
“I suppose there’s nothing I can do, now that I’ve been found out. Yes.
I leaked the participation table,” she told me.
“You admit it?”
“Yes. If you asked Chabashira-sensei, you would’ve found me out
anyway. It was just a matter of time. Besides, even if I tell you the truth,
Ayanokouji-kun, I’m confident I won’t be exposed. You haven’t forgotten,
have you? About my uniform, which you touched?”
She was threatening me. “No. I can’t expose you as the culprit. That’s
certainly true. Incidentally, this reminds me—during the exam on the cruise
ship, we ended up with the results we did because you had Ryuuen tell all of
the students that you were the VIP, right? Then you asked Ryuuen for a favor
in exchange for that information.”
“And what would such a favor be? What could I want enough to betray
the whole class?”
“It’s what you asked me about before, isn’t it?”
“Ah ha ha! Yes, that’s it. You really figured it out, Ayanokouji-kun.”
“I’d like to hear it from your own lips,” I told her.
“I wanted to expel her. Expel Horikita Suzune. That’s what,” she
replied.
“I just don’t understand why you’re going after Horikita so
relentlessly.” I’d hoped for the two of them to resolve their issues before the
sports festival, but it hadn’t worked out that way.
“I’m going to get Horikita-san expelled, no matter what you say. I
won’t change my mind,” said Kushida.
“And you’re okay with sabotaging Class D to do that?”
“That’s right. I don’t care if I never make it to Class A, if it means
Horikita-san gets expelled. Oh, but don’t misunderstand me—once she’s
gone, I’ll unite everyone, and we’ll work toward reaching Class A together. I
promise,” said Kushida.
Page 164
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Apparently, there was no changing her mind. She was entirely focused
on her goal. If she had to, she’d probably rope in people like Katsuragi,
Ichinose, or Sakayanagi to aid her.
“Oh, but I reconsidered one thing. I added you to the list of people I
want expelled, Ayanokouji-kun. After you and Horikita have been
eliminated, then I’ll aim for Class A,” said Kushida.
She still wore that gorgeous smile. Her expression was almost
dazzling.
“Have you considered that Ryuuen might expose you?”
“I’m not an idiot. I obviously wouldn’t do anything that left any
evidence behind. Ryuuen-kun is a liar who entraps people without batting an
eyelash. Well, I gambled on whether or not he would betray me,” said
Kushida.
I wanted to tell her that there were plenty of ways to deceive someone.
A real mastermind would have found a way to make someone else the traitor
in their stead. A pawn to help them achieve victory.
“Horikita-san’s taken a real beating in this sports festival,” Kushida
added. “It’s too bad you couldn’t save her, isn’t it?”
I wasn’t so sure about that.
With that conversation done, we ran the three-legged race, silent
hostility in the air between us.
Page 165
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
8.3
 
Almost an hour had passed since Sudou-kun left. That meant the final
competition would begin any minute now. I imagined that Hirata-kun and the
others would put up a fight, but they couldn’t really expect much.
I was helpless. I could do absolutely nothing except stand around in a
pointless daze. I’d spent an hour right in front of the elevator.
Even if I returned to camp and withdrew, I didn’t have the funds to get
a substitute. Ryuuen-kun was getting all my points using blackmail. But that
wasn’t why I couldn’t leave. If Sudou-kun returned to find me gone, he’d be
heartbroken. Besides, despite the fact that Class D’s defeat was practically set
in stone, I wanted to do whatever I could. I believed Sudou-kun would come
back. That was all there was to it. And then…
“Did…did you seriously wait around here?”
“You came back, Sudou-kun.” I kept my cool, but inside, I was glad. I
was so glad.
“It’s already over, isn’t it? The sports festival, I mean.”
“It might be. But if we go back right now, we may still make it in time
for the last competition,” I said.
“So? What’s the point? We’ve already lost,” said Sudou-kun.
“You’re right that the outcome is bleak. I had to withdraw due to my
injury, and Kouenji-kun was absent from the start. And you left partway
through, Sudou-kun. Compared to the other classes, our classmates don’t
stand a chance at winning.” The recommended-participant events I’d wanted
to compete in would’ve ended disastrously, anyway. “Since you’ve come
back, can I assume you want to return to the competition?”
“Nope. I just came down here to see if you were still hanging around,
is all.”
“I see. Well, while I waited for the past hour, I’ve gone over some
things. What kind of person I am, what kind of person you are… Things like
that. I concluded that you and I really are similar after all.”
“We ain’t got anythin’ in common. You and I are way too different.”
“No. We’re very similar. The more I think about it, the more I see that
it’s true.”
I spoke from the bottom of my heart.
Page 166
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 167
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Always alone. Always solitary. But you believed you could do it, and
you tried,” I continued. “If there were a difference between us, it would be
that one of us wants acknowledgement from a single person, and the other
wants it from a large group. You already know a bit about the student council
president, right?”
“Yeah, that prim-and-proper guy?”
“He’s my older brother.”
“Oh? So… Wait. You said something about fighting with him, right?”
asked Sudou-kun.
“My relationship with him is far from good. Because I lack talent, we
aren’t close. My older brother is incredible, and dislikes being associated
with someone incompetent like me. That’s why I’ve tried my absolute
hardest to become an incredible person, too. I put everything I had into trying
to achieve that goal, from academics to athletics. Even right now, I’m trying.”
“W-wait a minute. Aren’t you already really smart and good at sports?”
“From the average person’s perspective, I suppose. But compared to
my brother, I’m nothing special.” He had likely reached my current aptitude
while he was in junior high, or perhaps even earlier. “That’s why I’ve been
running straight ahead, not caring what anyone else thinks of me. As a result,
I’m always alone. I thought that was fine, though. I believed that, as long as I
was an astounding student, my brother would care about me. I thought that, if
I participated in a ton of competitions, he would stop and look at me. That
was why I told you that I wanted the anchor position in the relay. I had this
idea that, if I was the anchor, he might cheer for me.”
By confronting Sudou-kun’s weakness, I’d also confronted my own.
“He really doesn’t acknowledge you? Even though you’re tryin’ so
hard?” asked Sudou-kun.
“He doesn’t. But I finally realized something: I’m not incredible.
Ryuuen-kun’s thoroughly beaten me, and I haven’t gotten one single result
I’m satisfied with, either. I want to make it to Class A to earn my brother’s
respect. That hasn’t changed. But the methods I’ve used to achieve that goal
have been wrong. I’m not alone. If I have allies, I’m closer to my goal.”
“You’re not givin’ up?”
“If there’s a difference between you and I, that might be it. I will never,
ever give up. I’ll strive to become someone worthy of my brother’s
admiration,” I answered.
“That sounds like a painful path to take.”
Page 168
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“I suppose. But we aren’t alone in this world. There are billions of
people on this planet, and innumerable people in our lives. We can’t ignore
them.”
A person couldn’t survive alone. The sports festival had certainly been
an ordeal for our class, but at the same time, it had been revelatory.
“I said that you’d turn to violence again, then coldly pushed you away.
But that wasn’t the right answer. If you ever stray from your path in future,
I’ll bring you back to it. So, until we graduate, please lend me your strength. I
promise that I’ll lend you all mine, too.” I looked him right in the eye and
didn’t avert my gaze.
“Just a little while ago, it didn’t seem like that was the case at all. Why
do your words seem so serious now?” he asked.
“It might be because I’ve finally admitted the truth, which is that I’m a
worthless person. I’ve avoided that fact.” I wouldn’t have said that to just
anyone. “I’ll ask you again, Sudou-kun. Lend me your strength.”
“Horikita…”
Sudou-kun balled his hands tightly into fists, then hit himself on the
forehead.
“Ah. What the hell am I feelin’ right now?! I don’t get it, but it’s like…
I feel like I’ve finally had my eyes opened.”
He stepped toward me.
“I’ll work with you, Horikita. I…I feel like someone’s finally noticed
me outside basketball.”
As he said that, I felt myself smile. I’d never experienced this before. I
wondered what the intense throbbing in my chest was. I knew that it wasn’t
friendship, or love. It was something else.
Embarrassing as it still felt to admit to myself, I now had an ally. That
was different from Ayanokouji-kun, or my brother. It was something I’d
lacked.
Perhaps I had just taken my first small step forward.
Page 169
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 170
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Chapter 9:
The Turning Point
 
The last event of the sports festival, the 1200-meter relay, was about
to begin. Everyone—other than Class D—was amped.
“The final event, huh? I guess we need to choose a substitute for this
one, too.”
“Huh…! Puh…! Hey, sorry to keep you all waiting! What’s going on?”
Sudou, completely out of breath, returned with Horikita lagging slightly
behind him.
“Sudou-kun, you came back!”
“Yeah, sorry. My bad. It took way longer to take a dump than I
thought.”
Sudou looked as if he was in a bright, cheerful mood—all smiles.
However, many students glared at him icily. He didn’t flinch from their
stares.
“Sorry. I punched Hirata and crashed our morale because I lost my
temper. It’s my fault that Class D is about to lose,” he continued.
Sudou bowed deeply. The Sudou of an hour ago couldn’t have done
that, even if it were an act. Something must have happened. After a stunned
moment, Hirata laughed happily. His cheek was slightly swollen, and looked
painful, but he didn’t seem to care about that.
“The heck, Ken? This isn’t like you,” said Ike.
“I gotta admit, I did somethin’ wrong after doing somethin’ wrong. I
want to apologize to you, too, Kanji,” Sudou replied.
“It’s not like it’s your fault I lost or anything. I’m just no good at
sports, really. Sorry I wasn’t useful,” said Ike.
“If you haven’t decided on a sub for the relay, please let me run,” said
Sudou.
“You’re the only person we’d want doing this, Sudou-kun. Right,
everyone?” said Hirata.
Both guys and girls would run the final 1200-meter relay. Three guys
and three girls from each class had to participate.
“Can I ask for a substitute? I wouldn’t run very well with my leg like
this,” said Horikita. She sounded apologetic.
“Are you okay with that, Horikita?” Hirata asked. “You really wanted
Page 171
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
to be in this relay.”
“There’s nothing I can do about it. In the state I’m in right now, I’m
not sure I could even win against Ike-kun. Sorry,” Horikita replied.
She bowed deeply, as Sudou had done earlier. I wondered if she’d ever
been that honest before. Ryuuen had crushed Horikita’s body and spirit.
She’d craved the anchor position, reached for it, because she envisioned
herself running alongside her brother. Now—though her hands trembled in
apparent frustration—she accepted the reality that, if she forced herself to
compete, then Class D would lose the relay.
Hirata nodded, and decided that Kushida would take Horikita’s place.
Our list included Hirata, Miyake, Maezono, and Onodera, with Sudou at the
top. With Kushida as Horikita’s replacement, that made six people. There
really weren’t any other sprinters in Class D who stood a chance.
After confirming the team members, Hirata opened his mouth to speak.
“Um, I apologize for the suddenness of this, but…”
However, someone else cut Hirata off. “Sorry, but…would you please
let me withdraw, too?”
Miyake was speaking. He looked as though he was dragging his right
leg a little.
“To tell you the truth, I twisted my ankle before lunch during the 200-
meter dash. I thought it would feel better after I rested, but it still hurts.”
“In that case, it looks like we’ll need a replacement from the boys as
well.” Hirata looked around, but no volunteers came forward.
I decided to speak up. “In that case, would it be okay if I ran? I’ll pay
the points to go in as a substitute, of course.”
“You will, Ayanokouji?” Miyake asked. “Wait, though. Are you that
fast?”
“I support him. I’ve been watching everyone, and I think Ayanokouji
will do well,” said Hirata.
That was all it took to shut down dissenting voices. Hirata’s words had
weight.
“However, we can’t really say that Class D is putting forward its best
runners,” Hirata said. “That’s why getting a head start on the competition
should be our strategy. What do you think, Sudou-kun? If you get us off to a
good start and overtake the other runners, I think we might be able to put
some distance between us and the other classes. I’ll maintain that lead and
make sure the next student keeps things going.”
Page 172
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Lanes couldn’t be prepared for each of the twelve competing students,
so we had to start side-by-side. The rules stated that you could take an inner
lane from an opponent after you overtook them. In other words, your initial
position was the most important one. If you could get ahead of the others
during the starting dash, you wouldn’t end up in a chaotic free-for-all.
“Well, guess we don’t got much choice. There ain’t any other way for
us to win,” said Sudou.
He would go first. Hirata, sufficiently speedy himself, was second.
After that the three girls—Kushida included—would have their turns, and
then I’d go last. Class D must have been counting on me more than I
expected, to have made me the anchor.
The chosen elites assembled in the middle of the field. Horikita’s older
brother, and that second-year student Nagumo, were among them.
“We’re leaving it all to you, Sudou-kun!” shouted Hirata.
Kushida and the other runners also cheered. Sudou, looking motivated,
got into his lane. The first-year students appeared to be in a slightly
advantageous position, since Class D had the innermost lane. They’d
arranged it so that the third-year Class A students were in the outermost lane.
Class D didn’t have any chance of winning the festival, but if we were
victorious here, it might help us down the line. Supportive cheers came
roaring from our camp.
“Man, that was close. A couple seconds more, and I would have
withdrawn,” said Hirata.
“Yeah. Miyake’s injury was unexpected,” I replied.
The plan from the start had been for me to participate in the final relay
as Hirata’s substitute. Of course, only Hirata and I knew about that.
“This is okay, right, Ayanokouji-kun?”
“Yeah. Sorry that you had to make all the arrangements.”
“It’s only natural for me. Besides, I’d hate it if Ryuuen-kun beat us
again. Think he’ll be surprised that you’re running?”
“I’ll do my best not to disappoint you. More importantly, though, let’s
cheer Sudou on.”
The instant the signal sounded, Sudou got off to a strong start. His
starting dash had the best time of any I’d seen thus far. He launched himself
forward with such momentum that, after his first stride, he managed to pass
eleven people.
“Whoa!” the racers shouted.
Page 173
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Dude, he’s so fast!”
The second-year guys and girls were left to struggle desperately for a
position, and got caught up in a chaotic free-for-all. Sudou, taking advantage
of that opening, continued to leave the others in the dust. When he finished
his leg of the relay, he’d secured an advantage of at least fifteen meters.
“It’s up to you, Hirata!”
Class D brimmed with excitement. Sudou passed the baton to the next
runner, Hirata. As a man who excelled in both studies and sports, he was
glorious. The racers chased Hirata, one after another, but they couldn’t reduce
the gap we’d created. We maintained our lead as we transitioned to the third
runner, Onodera.
This was where problems might start. For a girl, Onodera was fast, but
the guys chasing her were starting to close in. A guy from the second-year
Class A overtook her as she ran.
New students ran one after another. One third-year Class A guy also
passed Onodera, and other third- and second-year Class A students after that.
By the time Onodera passed the baton to our fourth runner, Maezono, our
lead was almost gone.
However, the race was full of surprises. A girl from the third-year
Class A, who was her team’s fourth runner, took a spill and fell about fifty
meters behind the runner she was supposed to pass the baton to. Panicking,
the girl tried to get back in the race, but a Class A second year took advantage
of that opening and created a significant gap.
By the time Maezono passed the baton to Kushida, our fifth runner,
Class A had overtaken Class D, and we’d fallen to seventh place.
The first-year students just couldn’t compete at the same level as the
seniors. Only Class B’s first-year students had managed to get into third
place, and their ace, Shibata, had apparently received the role of anchor. He
was waiting his turn, just like me.
As the fourth runner from the third-year Class A tumbled, the situation
between the guys in the anchor positions changed.
“Looks like victory is ours this time, President Horikita. I would’ve
liked to run against you directly, if possible.” Nagumo laughed as the second-
year Class A’s top runner approached him. There was a thirty-meter gap
between him and the third-year Class A student in second place. “Looks like
we’re going to win in overall points, too. Guess this is the dawn of a new era,
eh?”
Page 174
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“Do you seriously plan to change this school?” the student council
president asked.
“You’re too traditional. And even though you’re strict, you’re weak.
Your rules are too generous, and they stop people from getting expelled. All
I’m going to do is help make this school the ultimate meritocracy,” said
Nagumo.
He walked forward as he spoke, getting in position to receive the baton
as it came his way. Not too long after Nagumo nabbed it, Shibata also
received his baton. “All right! Nice! Leave the rest to me!”
Page 175
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 176
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Fire blazing in his eyes, Shibata chased down Nagumo. My eyes met
Horikita’s brother’s for an instant. I could tell this man was fighting some
internal struggle.
“To think that you’re the anchor,” he said.
“I’m just a substitute. Originally, your sister planned to be in this
position,” I replied.
“I see. I suppose she’s struggling to make it through,” he responded.
Horikita had probably dreamed of having a conversation with him, or
at least telling him what she felt.
“I’ve observed your class,” the student council president told me. “Up
until a short while ago, I thought there was no hope for you. However, I don’t
get that impression from you at all in this relay. What happened?”
“You don’t really need to pay attention to first-year Class D, though.
Right?”
“I keep an eye on every class. No exceptions,” he replied.
“I suppose, if anything’s changed, it would be your sister.”
“I see.” No look of surprise. He looked as composed as always.
“What about you? I can’t feel any excitement from you.”
“I’m not interested in the sports festival. I already know the outcome.”
The class’s feelings.
Sudou’s feelings.
Horikita’s feelings.
I had no interest in any of those. All I had was a single premonition.
“You probably won’t be around to see this, but our class will become
stronger,” I told him.
“I’m not interested in such a fanciful future,” Horikita’s older brother
replied.
As he shifted his gaze toward his teammate, I spoke. “In that case,
would you be interested in learning exactly what kind of person I am?”
“What?”
“If you’d like, I’ll race against you seriously,” I added.
“You really say some interesting things. I thought you hated standing
out or getting involved. Why change that now?” he asked.
“If you give up your chance at second place in order to race me, I’ll
accept your challenge. It’s not often that a first-year and third-year have the
opportunity to compete like this, is it?”
Horikita’s brother stood still and turned to face me. “Interesting.”
Page 177
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
He didn’t seem as though he was going to move at all. His team’s fifth
runner passed him the baton, looking perplexed, but the older Horikita took it
and stood completely still. “You did well. Great work,” he said.
“Uh, thanks. Hah…” The third-year student left in a mild state of
shock.
Everyone in the audience noticed this bizarre spectacle. One after
another, other runners passed the third-year Class A, and Horikita just stood
there. Finally, Kushida approached me at full speed. She’d be here in
seconds.
“I’ll say one thing to you before we race.”
“What?” Horikita’s brother asked.
As the two of us got ready, I said only, “Run as fast as you can.”
I got the feeling that the older Horikita, whose face was in my
peripheral vision, wore a slight smile. Finally, the baton passed to me.
“Ayanokouji-kun!” Kushida cried.
I bolted down the track at full throttle.
I’d never, ever run seriously in my entire life. Until then. It was as
different as could be from all the times I’d run in that cold, sterile room. It
was still only the beginning of October, but the cold wind washed over me. I
didn’t really care about overtaking the runner in front of me. All that mattered
right now was competing against the man next to me.
We ran at full speed, almost as though we were cutting through the
wind, and closed the distance between us and the frontrunners.
“Whoa! No way!”
We passed a shocked student and left him in our dust. I could no longer
hear the cheers. Strategies and resourcefulness were irrelevant. There was
only this one-on-one battle against Horikita Manabu, who ran next to me.
Beyond the first curve, beyond the straight line that followed, and then to the
last curve.
All right. I’m going to go even faster.
Cheers that sounded like angry bellows resounded across the grounds.
Page 178
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
9.1
 
“You were super fast.” Karuizawa averted her eyes as she spoke to
me.
“Wasn’t it just that my opponent was slow?”
“No, no. No way! Can you really say that after seeing everyone’s
reactions?”
“Jokes aside, I still didn’t beat the student council president in the end,
did I?”
“Well, there wasn’t really anything you could’ve done about that. The
runner in front of you fell down, after all.”
True. That runner ended up blocking my path. I’d avoided hitting him,
but the slight delay was a significant loss, and Horikita’s older brother had
pulled ahead. I didn’t know what would’ve happened without that accident,
but I didn’t really care.
At the very least, I was certain that I’d probably gathered the whole
school’s attention during the final competition. Many students looked at me
with puzzled expressions.
“Ayanokouji! You really are super fast, dude. Whoa! Have you been
holding back until now?!” As he came running up, Sudou slapped me on the
back with all his might. It really hurt.
“Running’s pretty much my only specialty, but I overdid it. That’s the
power of being fired up, huh?” I replied.
“That still doesn’t explain it, though. That speed. You liar.” Horikita
walked up to me, still dragging her leg slightly.
“You guys, this isn’t how you should treat a soldier who fought with
everything he had,” I whined. Horikita jabbed my abdomen. “Ow, that
hurts!”
Karuizawa moved out of the way, so as not to get between Horikita and
I. Sakura was also looking at me from afar, but because there was a big
crowd around me at this point, she didn’t get close.
“If you’d run like that from the very beginning, this situation would’ve
been different. But now you’re going to be basking in lots of attention,” said
Horikita.
She was right. Unlike Hirata, Shibata, or Sudou, I’d held back until
now. Still, it shouldn’t have been too hard to plausibly claim that I’d done
Page 179
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
that as part of Hirata and Horikita’s strategy, masterminded behind the
scenes. That tactic was particularly effectively against someone like Ryuuen,
who tried to outsmart his opponents.
“Looks like they’ll announce the results soon. Let’s get going.”
The results would be announced during the sports festival’s closing
ceremonies. All the students looked toward the gigantic electronic
scoreboard.
“We’ll now announce the results of this year’s sports festival!”
“Red Team” and “White Team” were displayed as separate entries on
the scoreboard. The tallied numbers started to rise, showing the total points
the teams had acquired from all thirteen events. The winning team was…
The words “Red Team Wins” appeared on the board along with the
team’s score. The competition had been incredibly arduous, but the Red
Team D/A coalition appeared to be victorious.
“Next, we will announce each class’s overall points.”
The board divided the twelve classes into three categories, and it
displayed the overall points for each class all at once. We didn’t really care
about the details of the second- and third-year scores. What was crucial for us
was Class D’s position.
 
1st Place: First Year, B Class
2nd Place: First Year, C Class
3rd Place: First Year, A Class
4th Place: First Year, D Class
 
“Ugggh! I knew it! We lost!”
“Well, I thought things would end this way.”
We were overjoyed that Red Team had won, but apparently, us first
years had dragged the team down significantly. That was probably inevitable,
though. Two absentees, Kouenji and Sakayanagi, had factored majorly into
that. The second- and third-year Class As took first place with overwhelming
leads. Their Class Ds secured second and third place, which indicated
stability.
Unfortunately, even though we’d won as part of the Red Team, the
first-year Class A only placed third in terms of overall points. That meant
they’d be hit with a fifty-point penalty. Because Class D had come in last
place, we faced a 100-point penalty. Since the White Team had lost, Class C
Page 180
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
would also lose 100 points. Class B had won first place in terms of overall
score, and so gained fifty points; however, they would also lose fifty points
because the White Team lost. None of the classes had really won.
Everyone was thoroughly exhausted and overwhelmed. Even though
we’d tried our best, our class points had decreased. Of course, the students
who had won individual competitions would have an advantage on future
tests, so the sports festival wasn’t completely pointless.
“Lastly, we will announce the MVP for each school year.”
This was probably the part that Sudou was most looking forward to. If
he could take first place, Sudou would likely be all smiles, since he would get
permission to call Horikita by her first name.
However, the words “First Year MVP: Shibata Sou” appeared on the
electronic scoreboard.
“Gaaahh! I knew it!” Sudou let out an agonized cry. Shibata had
consistently taken first or second place in each of the events. Sudou placed
first in all his individual competitions, but being absent must have had a
major influence on the results. The fact that we lost a heavily-weighted event
like the relay was probably a big part of it, too.
Sudou continued staring at the scoreboard in apparent frustration even
after the closing ceremonies ended.
“You didn’t take the top spot for our school year, Sudou-kun. You
remember our promise, right?” Horikita asked.
“Yeah,” Sudou replied. “It’s unfortunate. But a promise is a promise.
I’ll call you Horikita from now on.”
“Your dedication is impressive.” Horikita laughed in a slightly teasing
way. “I forgot to tell you one thing, though. You pushed those conditions on
me, so they were rather one-sided. I never mentioned whether I had any
conditions of my own.”
“Whaddya mean?”
“If you took first place, you could have used my first name. Isn’t it
only natural that I make a request of you in return?”
“Well, yeah. I guess so.”
“So, I’m going to give you a penalty for not achieving your goal. You
are forbidden from ever using violence without a justifiable reason ever
again. Can you promise me that?” asked Horikita.
“It’s my punishment, right? I promise,” said Sudou.
“Of course, you’re not the one who gets to decide what a ‘justifiable
Page 181
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
reason’ is. That’s up to me or a third party.”
Sudou obediently accepted that condition as well. He might have
realized his own foolishness and decided to act more mature.
Horikita slowly turned and started to walk away, then stopped.
“Oh, that reminds me. During the festival, I wasn’t able to live up to
everyone’s expectations, either,” she added.
“Huh? That’s just ’cause you were injured, though. Nothing you
could’ve done about that,” replied Sudou.
“Be that as it may, I can’t forgive myself. I need to be punished, too,”
said Horikita. “So, if you want to call me by my first name, I don’t mind
giving you permission.”
“Huh? H-hey!”
“That’s my punishment.”
That was Horikita’s compromise.
“Even though we did get last place, I have hope for the battles to come,
thanks to you. I’m truly grateful,” said Horikita.
Sudou bashfully rubbed his nose, as if he blamed the setting sun for the
redness of his cheeks. With an impressive shout, he raised both arms to the
sky. “The sports festival is the best! It’s the best, Suzune!”
“I’m happy for you, Sudou.”
“Yeah!”
“Sorry about cutting in while you’re celebrating, but do you have a
minute?” someone asked as we headed back toward the school.
She was a calm, composed girl. I didn’t know her name, but she was a
Class A student I’d seen back in the cavalry battle.
“Would you mind coming with me after you finish changing?”
“Why me?” I asked.
“Because I have something to talk to you about. At five o’clock, go to
the front gate.”
“H-hey, Ayanokouji. Wh-what’s going on, dude?” said Sudou.
“What’s this?!”
For a moment, I imagined that the request would lead to something like
a romantic confession. However, I didn’t get that kind of impression at all
from this girl.
“Hey, what do you mean?” I asked. But the girl left without paying me
any more attention.
“What was that? Has springtime come for you, too?” Sudou asked.
Page 182
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“It doesn’t look that way to me.”
“I mean, there’s a chance that girl fell in love with you after she saw
you run as the anchor.”
“For crying out loud,” I huffed.
After I changed into my uniform in the locker room, I returned to the
classroom. Horikita, now also clad in her uniform, entered the classroom
slightly later than I did and sat next to me.
“This time, we were defeated soundly. Completely.” Yet, as Horikita
said that, she didn’t appear depressed. “But I feel like I grew today. I never
imagined a day would come when failure would nourish me, but…that’s
really how I feel.”
“I see. That’s good, right?” I asked.
“This class is going to get stronger. Then we’ll definitely climb the
ranks to the upper classes,” replied Horikita.
“Honestly, this optimism is kind of freaking me out. It’s not like you,”
I told her.
“I suppose not. It’s different, isn’t it?” She bashfully averted her eyes.
“We’re facing a ton of challenges. There are also problems I need to take care
of. But I suppose, first of all, I have to get down on my knees.”
“On your knees?”
The phrase concerned me, but Horikita didn’t expand any further. “It
doesn’t involve you. Thank you for today,” she added.
Page 183
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
9.2
 
The students, having used up all their energy during the festival,
began to leave the classroom one after another, looking completely drained.
Because there weren’t any club activities today, Sudou-kun left while
chatting with Ike-kun and the others. Ayanokouji-kun must have been
heading back as well, since he got up from his seat rather quickly. He looked
over at me, so maybe he was curious about what I was up to.
“You’re not going back yet?” he asked.
“That’s right. I’m…well, I have some trifling matters to take care of,” I
replied.
“You usually head back right away, though. This is unusual.”
“Well, these things do happen. Thank you for everything,” I told him.
“Sure. See you tomorrow.”
Everyone left the room one by one, and before I knew it, I was the only
person left. I was prepared to respond to Ryuuen-kun. During the sports
festival, he had me dancing in the palm of his hand. By the time I had
realized what was happening, it was too late. With no planned
countermeasures in place, I was thoroughly defeated.
But, somehow, I felt cheerful. I also felt as though I’d been thoroughly
crushed. I understood that I was much, much more pathetic that I’d imagined,
and I felt I needed to thank Ryuuen for teaching me that.
“Sorry to keep you waiting, Horikita-san. I got caught up talking with a
friend.” Kushida-san came back in, putting her hands together in an
apologetic gesture.
“It’s fine. We still have a little while before the appointment. Shall we
go?” I asked.
Page 184
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
9.3
 
“So, you didn’t run away, Suzune. You came,” said Ryuuen.
“If I had run away, I truly would’ve been hopeless. I’m going to face
my problems,” I told him.
“You’ve got a good heart. You’ve become a finer woman than before,”
said Ryuuen.
I wasn’t exactly pleased to hear that from him. “Before we talk, why
don’t we put an end to this ridiculous charade, Kushida-san?” I asked.
“Huh? Charade? What in the world do you mean?” she replied.
As the setting sun colored the school building, I stared directly at her.
“If you want to pretend to be a good person, I don’t particularly care. But
you’re not, are you? You leaked the information. That’s how Class C was
able to
pull off what they did. That’s why I’m here right now, like this, with
Ryuuen-kun. Am I wrong?”
“Come on, now. Who did you hear that from? Hirata-kun?
Ayanokouji-kun?”
“Neither. These are my own feelings on the matter. I couldn’t shake off
my uneasiness. Ryuuen-kun’s the only one here right now. Don’t you think
it’s time we cut to the chase and confront each other?” I asked.
“Confront each other? What do you mean?”
“Way back at the start of our first semester, I saw you trying to
convince Kouenji-kun to give up his seat on the bus. To be completely
honest, I didn’t recognize you. But immediately afterward, I remembered.”
I looked Kushida-san square in the eye as I spoke. If she was working
with Ryuuen-kun, she’d continue to conspire against me. The only reason she
hadn’t yet acted more directly was that she thought she didn’t have to.
“Kushida Kikyou-san, you attended my junior high,” I said.
For the first time ever, I saw her expression change, but then another
smile crept onto her face.
“Of course you remember. I was quite the problem child, I suppose,”
Kushida-san replied. She lowered her eyes in silence.
“I don’t think that’s entirely accurate. You weren’t a problem child.
Everyone trusted you, just like everyone in Class D now trusts you. But—”
“Can you please stop? Stop bringing up the past.”
Page 185
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“I suppose. It’s meaningless to talk about what’s already been done,” I
replied. Ryuuen-kun smiled while he listened to our conversation, looking as
though he was enjoying himself.
“Well then, you understand what I’m after, right? You know what I
want to do?” Kushida-san asked.
“Yes. I’ve already realized what you want. You want to chase me out
of this school. Aren’t you taking quite a large risk, though? If I exposed the
truth, you’d lose your popularity.”
“Me or Horikita-san? It’s obvious which of us is more loved. I suppose
you could say I’m someone who hedges her bets,” Kushida-san replied.
“Even if no one believed what I said, there’d still be lingering doubts.
You can’t deny the fact that we attended the same junior high,” I told her.
“I suppose you’re right. But if you do happen to tell anyone about me, I
will drag the brother you so love and respect into this,” she said.
I reflexively stiffened in response. That was the perfect defense against
me. There wasn’t a single opening I could exploit.
However, Kushida-san couldn’t take action easily, either. If she were
to openly involve my brother in all this, she’d know that I had nothing left to
lose, and be afraid that I’d do anything in my desperation. That was precisely
why she came up with this strategy to chase me out instead.
“Can’t you simply ignore me?” I asked. “You know I don’t involve
myself with other people or stick my nose where it doesn’t belong, right?”
“For now. But there’s no guarantee for the future. I want anyone who
knows about my past to disappear, so that I can be me. Otherwise, I’ll be in
trouble,” she replied.
“Since Ryuuen’s seen your true face, does that make him your prey,
too?” I asked.
“Yes, I suppose so, depending on the circumstances,” she answered. It
was a bold move, since she and Ryuuen-kun were supposed to be allies.
“Heh heh. What a shrewd woman. Well, I guess I decided to work with
you because I like this side of your personality.” Ryuuen-kun snickered.
“Let me tell you one thing, Horikita-san. I will have the school expel
you. If I need to make a deal with the devil to do so, so be it,” Kushida-san
said. She walked past me and stood next to Ryuuen-kun.
Page 186
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 187
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“That’s really a shame, Suzune,” he told me. “Betrayed by such a
trustworthy ally.”
“You were a step ahead of me this time, Ryuuen-kun. No…I suppose
you’ve been a step ahead for a while. The test on the cruise ship, the one on
the island, and the incident with Sudou-kun… I’ve just kept on losing and
losing,” I told them. The words poured out of my mouth easily, without
pause.
“Then I think the time for talk is over,” he replied. “I’ll tell you this,
though: Kinoshita running into you earlier was a total accident. She didn’t
have any ulterior motive or ill intent. That’s just the way the world is.”
“Perhaps so. There’s no evidence, so it was obvious that I’d be framed
as the aggressor,” I replied. “But let me say this, in turn. You were behind
that incident. You ordered Kinoshita-san to make sure I took a fall. I’m sure
of it.”
“You’re delusional,” he answered.
“I don’t care if I’m being delusional. But I’d like to ask you why you
did it.”
“It’s quite a long process just to get you to kneel.” Ryuuen-kun
laughed as if he was enjoying himself. “Before the sports festival, I had
Kushida get her hands on Class D’s complete participation table. I put the
right people in the right places to ensure good match-ups, and took the wins.
Of course, that’s not all. I thoroughly researched Class A as well,” he added.
“Brilliant leadership. You beat us both,” I replied. Although they’d
fallen short of Class B in terms of overall strength, there was no doubt that
Class C had fought well. “But couldn’t you have won more effectively? To
crush me, you pitted two of your aces against me, and even had one of them
withdraw after she was injured. That’s incomprehensible.”
“I wanted to crush you. That was reason enough. I had no interest in
winning the sports festival,” he replied.
“But your strategy also relied on luck. Good for you. When you
ordered Kinoshita-san to knock me over, two coincidences saved you. One,
that I just so happened to be unable to continue participating, and two, that
Kinoshita-san injured herself. You couldn’t plan for either of those factors,” I
told him.
That was where my world had fallen apart. If Kinoshita had only been
slightly injured, the situation wouldn’t have gotten this serious.
“Your injury was coincidental, yes. If Kinoshita deliberately aimed to
Page 188
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
injure you, that would’ve been obvious. That’s why I had her carefully
practice hitting an opponent and making the fall look completely natural,”
said Ryuuen-kun.
What had he done to make her obey him to that extent?
“Actually, about Kinoshita’s injury,” Ryuuen said. “Do you really
think it was an accident?”
“Huh?”
“She certainly did fall, yes. But injuries that serious don’t just happen
at the drop of a hat. That’s why I had her pretend to be in pain and then drop
out of the sports festival. Before she got medical treatment, I injured her
myself. Like this.”
He stomped on the floor with all his strength. BAM! The sound echoed
unnervingly through the hall.
“You injured…her?” I asked.
“She agreed when I told her that I’d pay her 500,000 points. Man, the
power of money is a terrifying thing, isn’t it?”
So, he’d decided from the very beginning that Kinoshita-san would
sustain a serious injury. His schemes, and his ability to execute them, were
both terrifying. He’d do anything for the sake of winning, but I was shocked
that he’d speak of that so openly.
“Is it really okay for you to just blab on and on?” I asked him.
“What?”
“If I happened to be recording your confession, what would you do?”
As I asked that question, I pulled out my phone.
“Did you come up with that bluff just now?”
“I bet everything on it. Still, I’m surprised you told me so much.” I
pushed a button on my phone and played back the recording from a specific
point.
“Before the sports festival, I had Kushida get her hands on Class D’s
complete—”
“If you complain about me, or demand that I pay you points or bow
before you, I’ll use the evidence I now hold in my hands. If I do, which of us
will be in trouble?” I asked.
“Wha—?!” Ryuuen-kun’s smile disappeared for the first time. His
words failed him. “Suzune…you…”
“I don’t want to cause any panic. That’s why I’d like to settle things.”
“Heh heh! Ha ha ha ha!” Ryuuen-kun suddenly burst out in laughter.
Page 189
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“You really are an entertaining woman, you know that? I said so from the
very beginning, didn’t I? The contents of our current conversation are, at
best, complete fiction. I was just humoring your delusions. All I did was
anticipate the story you conjured up inside your own head,” he replied.
“I could delete the part where you said it was a delusion and edit the
recording, couldn’t I?” I asked.
“Well, in that case, I’d just have to hand over the original recording.
Then there would be no problem at all.” Ryuuen, smiling boldly, took his
own phone from his pocket. “Do you know what this is? The full audio
recording, from beginning to end. In fact, I actually took video.”
As he said that, he aimed his phone camera at me. It was a kind of
insurance more reliable than audio. Ryuuen-kun had already imagined that
I’d try betting everything on one final move…which meant that I was
between a rock and a hard place.
“So, do you admit it, Suzune? The reality of your defeat, I mean.”
Kushida-san also smiled boldly now. I fully understood what a fool I
was. Ryuuen-kun wasn’t the kind of opponent that my strategies could take
down. My last hope had ended up misfiring.
“Abandon your pride and get on your knees, Suzune.”
I quietly knelt. “I understand… I admit…”
Ding! A strange sound came from Ryuuen-kun’s phone, which was
right in front of me. I thought he wouldn’t pay much attention, but for some
reason, he looked at the screen.
Ryuuen-kun’s face stiffened for a moment. He started fiddling with his
phone without even so much as glancing at me. Mixed together with a variety
of other sounds, I heard a recording.
“Listen up, you guys. We’re going to set a trap for Horikita Suzune. I
don’t care what it takes to completely crush her. I have a plan in mind. I’ll
show you something interesting.”
That was Ryuuen-kun’s voice. Was it from a previous conversation? In
the recording, he went into detail about what he’d so proudly explained to me
just moments ago.
I heard Ibuki-san’s voice. It sounded like she interrupted Ryuuen-kun.
“Look, I’m not discounting your strategy or whatever, but give me a chance
to fight Horikita.”
Ryuuen-kun’s voice again. “Run against Suzune during the obstacle
course, and collide with her. Do whatever it takes to knock her over.
Page 190
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Afterward, I’ll injure you myself and get you some money from her.”
I didn’t know what in the world was happening right now.
“What’s going on, Ryuuen-kun? What’s with that recording?”
Kushida-san seemed puzzled.
“I see. I see, I see. I see now! Heh heh! Isn’t that interesting? Do you
know what this means, Kikyou? There’s a traitor in Class C, too. They made
not just you and Suzune dance in the palm of their hand, but me as well. This
person predicted everything, including your betrayal and Suzune’s
debasement. Ha ha ha ha! Interesting! So interesting! The person pulling the
strings is incredible! The best!”
Ryuuen-kun swept his hair back, giving a deep belly laugh.
“You were used, Kikyou. They predicted that you’d betray your class
and leak the participation table. They read us like a book.”
“Who could be responsible for this? Could it be Ayanokouji-kun? I
mean, I didn’t think he was that fast, either,” said Kushida-san.
“Well, he’s one candidate, but I’m not drawing any conclusions yet.
Someone managed to get this recording without leaving a trace behind.
Suzune, Ayanokouji, and—depending on the circumstances—even Hirata
might have been positioned where they were because someone was
puppeteering them. I’m going to investigate this thoroughly. I’ve failed to get
points from Suzune or have her kneel, but I’m happy with all that I
procured,” said Ryuuen-kun.
There was no doubting it. I didn’t know how he’d done it, but he’d
used someone from Class C to record Ryuuen-kun’s strategy. What I saw him
do in the relay against my brother was completely incomprehensible, too. It
was unlike him to draw attention to himself that way, but that was how I
knew it had to be true.
The mastermind had to be Ayanokouji Kiyotaka-kun.
“Well, this is over for now,” Ryuuen-kun said. “Whoever sent this
email probably won’t hound me further.”
“Is that really okay, though? What if they threaten you with the
recording?” Kushida-san asked.
“If they intended to submit it to the school, they already would’ve. I
couldn’t get Suzune on her knees, but I accomplished half of what I wanted
to. A good show.”
Page 191
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
9.4
 
After I changed into my uniform, I went to the front gate as
promised. Just as she’d said, the girl was waiting for me.
“You wanted to talk to me about something?” I asked.
“Follow me,” she said.
“Follow you where?”
“The special building.”
The girl started walking without any further explanation. We arrived at
the special building’s third floor, one of the few places where no
surveillances cameras were installed.
“What exactly—”
The girl just told me to wait and walked off on her own. She headed
around the corner and quietly whispered, “Can I go back now?”
“Yes. Excellent work, Masumi-san. I’ll count on you again in future.”
“Yes.” Masumi quietly nodded and left. The voice’s owner slowly
came into view. Carrying a cane in one hand, she looked at me with a cold
smile.
First-year Class A Sakayanagi.
“You wanted to see me?”
Sakayanagi didn’t answer. For a silent moment, she and I just stared at
each other. The school building began to get dark.
“You drew quite a lot of attention in that final relay, Ayanokouji
Kiyotaka-kun.” That was all she said.
“Oh, sorry. Can I send one little message? I’ve got someone waiting,” I
replied.
“Go ahead.” Sakayanagi smiled, not appearing displeased at all.
I sent off the message I’d prepared via my phone. “So, can I assume
you’re the one who called me here?”
“Yes.”
“What do you want? I’d like to wrap this up quickly, if possible.”
“After seeing you run, I remembered something. I called you here
because I wanted to share the shock I felt with you. It’s almost like the
buildup toward a romantic confession, don’t you think?”
“I really have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Clack. Clack. Sakayanagi, still gripping her cane, moved right next to
Page 192
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
me.
“It’s been quite a long time, Ayanokouji-kun. Eight years and 243
days, actually.”
“You’re joking, right? I don’t even know who you are.”
“Heh. No, I suppose not. It’s just me who knows you, after all.”
Clack.
Clack.
Her cane’s tapping gradually grew quieter. What in the world was this
about? I decided I was done here, and turned to walk away from Sakayanagi.
“White Room,” Sakayanagi said.
I stopped dead in my tracks at those two simple words. They cracked
my composure.
“It’s unpleasant, isn’t it? When only your opponent knows your
secrets.”
“You…”
“This is a reunion. I just wanted to come give you a proper greeting.”
Reunion? Though I kept my back to Sakayanagi, I turned my head to
look at her. I had never seen her before. I didn’t remember this girl, and I
wasn’t missing any memories of my past. I had met Sakayanagi for the first
time at school. There was no arguing with that fact.
“Oh, it’s quite all right that you don’t know me. But I know you. We
have a strange sort of bond, you could say. To reunite with you in a place like
this… To be honest, I never thought I’d see you again. But now, all the
mysteries have been cleared away. The island, the cruise ship, and Class D’s
expulsion uproar. I couldn’t imagine that everything was on account of
Horikita Suzune. So, you were the one pulling the strings.”
“What are you talking about? There are lots of smart people in my
class,” I retorted. I needed to be calm. I needed to get through this without
panicking. I’d have time to think later.
“When you say ‘smart people,’ are you referring to Horikita Suzune-
san? Or perhaps Hirata Yousuke-kun? Either way, now that I know who you
are, I suppose it doesn’t really matter who anyone else is,” she replied.
Apparently, she wasn’t lying. She really did know me.
“Please, relax,” she added. “I’ve no intention of telling anyone about
you at present.”
“Wouldn’t things be easier if you did?”
“I don’t want anything to get in my way. I’m the perfect person to bury
Page 193
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
false genius.” Clack. Her thin cane clattered against the floor. “I’ve found
little pleasure in this boring school life.”
“Can I ask you something else?”
“Please, go ahead. I’m honored to have you ask me a question. If you’d
like to know, I’m even happy to tell you how I know about you.”
“No, I’m not interested in that. There’s just one thing I want to know.”
My eyes met Sakayanagi’s.
“Can you bury me?”
“Hee hee!” Sakayanagi chuckled softly to herself, and smiled once
more. “Sorry for laughing. I don’t intend to insult you. I know quite well how
incredible you are. I’ve been looking forward to this. I’ll be able to realize my
dearest wish by destroying the greatest masterpiece that your father ever
made.”
I wanted that, too. My destruction—my defeat—would mean that the
old man would lose.
I wanted the sad contradiction that I carried within me to be destroyed.
I wished for that from the bottom of my heart.
Page 194
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Postscript
 
Hello! Happy New Year! Syougo Kinugasa here. It’s been four
months, and Volume 5 has been released. To be honest, I planned to get it out
earlier, but it ended up taking four months to finish. “Earlier next time for
sure” is what I’d like to say, but since nothing good will really come of me
declaring that, I won’t.
In this volume, the second semester begins, and the opening act is the
battle of the sports festival. This time, the protagonist acted behind the
scenes. The story focused mainly on the class as a whole, with Horikita in the
lead. Someone who knows about the protagonist’s past also finally appeared!
Furthermore, volume five includes the catalyst that makes the rest of the
school aware of the protagonist’s existence. The story is most definitely still
in its early stages, but I’m going to keep working hard on it, so please look
forward to the rest.
Quite a few people have helped me over the last year, most of all my
illustrator, Tomoseshunsaku-sama. And even though I call him pointlessly,
and we end up chatting a bunch, I’m also greatly indebted to my editor, who
is the most reliable of all. I sincerely hope that we have another good year.
To my readers, and all associated parties—I look forward to what the
new year brings you.
Page 195
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Author:
Syougo Kinugusa
Born in November. Blood type AB. Primarily responsible for the
scenario and PC game planning. Most notable works are Guards of Daybreak
and Reminiscence. Wants a PlayStation 4, but won’t have time to play it at
all, so currently resisting the urge. Has a feeling that the PlayStation 5 will be
out before he knows it.
 
 
Illustrator:
Tomoseshunsaku
Born in September. Lead animator and illustrator for the Sagittarius
games. Lead animator for Guards of Daybreak, Reminiscence, etc. Recently
went out and got a brand-new game that he wanted, but felt as if actually
playing it would be delusional. Satisfied with having the game in its
packaging on his shelf.
Page 196
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Thank you for reading!
Get the latest news about your favorite Seven Seas books and brand-new
licenses delivered to your inbox every week:
Sign up for our newsletter!
Or visit us online:
gomanga.com/newsletter
Page 197
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

